content	education	Diploma in Automation Management
content	education	Phillips Business College Gulfport, MS
content	education	1967 to 1968
content	education	Diamond Degree in Crypto
content	education	Louisiana State University
content	education	1967
content	education	Diploma
content	education	Istrouma High School
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	Operation and management with Hurricane Country Club
meta	experience	September 2016 to July 2018
meta	experience	Management position as Marshall for  Hurricane Country Club supervising
meta	experience	Players and managing the upkeep of the fairway divets also working in the Pro-ship with management and sales including signing up new membership
meta	experience	with 1 year contracts. Sept 2016 -  July 2018
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	Independent Contractor selling scrap copper for Chinese
meta	experience	Minyo Industries Co. Ltd. No - Beijing, CN
meta	experience	January 2016 to January 2017
meta	experience	Sellers to Buyers Internationally located. Jan 2016- Jan  2017
meta	experience	Minyo Industries Co. Ltd. No. 1 608Z Hong-Guancun Tong Zhou District
meta	experience	Beijing, China  Phone 1 8610150145
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	My position is a Internmediary for creation of sales of scrap metal
meta	experience	Belong to multiple organizations, creating buying leads worldwide.
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	ACS Metals S.A - Madrid, ES
meta	experience	January 2015 to January 2016
meta	experience	Mandate in charge of all sales of scrap metal world wide
meta	experience	2012 to 2015
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	Mike Grout and Associates - Houston, TX
meta	experience	2011 to 2011
meta	experience	• My position is a Intermediary for creation of sales of scrap metal and sugar world wide
meta	experience	• Joined multiple organizations, creating buying leads worldwide.
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	Crain Automotive - Sherwood, AR
meta	experience	2010 to 2010
meta	experience	My role for this job was to create sales.
meta	experience	• My achievement in this position was selling 13 cars in 20 days.
meta	experience	• I am proficient in sales due to my past business experience in sales and people experience.
meta	experience	Owner
meta	experience	Nations Mortgage of Arkansas, Inc - Benton, AR
meta	experience	1998 to 2010
meta	experience	As owner and broker of my Mortgage Company, my goal was to build my business thru sales of mortgage programs that fit my customers needs.
meta	experience	• Achieved sales volume of $12 million before the market turn down in 2007.
meta	experience	• Easily establish rapport with people of all ages, cultures, and beliefs
meta	experience	• Ability to communicate effectively with customers, management, and staff
meta	experience	Independent Insurance Agent
meta	experience	Nations Mortgage of Arkansas, Inc - Benton, AR
meta	experience	2001 to 2003
meta	experience	Life Insurance Agent
meta	experience	Meeting with Clients and searching for the policy that best met their needs
meta	experience	Owner
meta	experience	Gold-N-Gems - Benton, AR
meta	experience	1990 to 1997
meta	experience	Formulated pricing policies on merchandise according to requirements for profitability of store operations. Developed and managed promotional activities aimed at enhancing product awareness. Established the operational procedures for new and currently open stores. Developed and maintained accounts with mass merchandisers. Hired and trained fully commissioned sales associates.
meta	experience	• Implemented an effective sales plan. Trained, developed and motivated staff, forecasted store sales, maintained budgetary controls, loss prevention, inventory control, and merchandising standards
meta	experience	• Developed policies and procedures that ensured consistency of quality and customer service
meta	experience	• Ensured that distribution, merchandising, and price-point objectives were achieved
meta	experience	Sales Consultant
meta	experience	Silverman Brothers - New York, NY
meta	experience	1983 to 1990
meta	experience	Worked business to business setting up sales either for generating additional sales or arranging going out of business sales. In charge of advertising, pricing of merchandise,
meta	experience	filling in merchandise, and sales. 1983-1990
