content	education	Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
content	education	Strayer University Memphis, TN
content	education	September 2018
content	education	USAF Security Police Academy
content	education	1981
content	education	Benton Senior High School
content	education	1975 to 1978
meta	experience	Sales Consultant
meta	experience	McLarty Mazda VW
meta	experience	February 2018 to Present
meta	experience	New and Used Car Sales
meta	experience	Assist in special finance purchases
meta	experience	Explain benefits and features
meta	experience	Close deals for sales consultant
meta	experience	Maintain excellent score on customer service index
meta	experience	Assistant Store Manager
meta	experience	Carite of Memphis - Memphis, TN
meta	experience	February 2017 to February 2018
meta	experience	Hire customer experience guides (sales staff).
meta	experience	Plan and develop short and long-term goals for the sales department and customer experience guides.
meta	experience	Effectively communicate with the Store Leader on a weekly basis to review departmental forecasts and ensure consistency with annual projections
meta	experience	Recommend and create improved courses of action to the Store Leader where necessary.
meta	experience	Explain the policies and procedures to the customer experience guides and follow up with employees to ensure that these issues are understood and followed.
meta	experience	Assist Store Leader with weekly reports on the financial condition of the dealership.
meta	experience	Oversee the monthly financial statement to ensure it is complete, accurate and submitted on time to the management/dealership owners.
meta	experience	Coordinate with the business/administrative office to ensure that records and analyses are correctly maintained.
meta	experience	Create a good working relationship with lending institutions.
meta	experience	Coordinate regular meetings with the customer experience guides
meta	experience	Maintain an enthusiastic attitude to build positive employee attitudes and morale.
meta	experience	Focus on any customer complaints from the sales department.
meta	experience	Special Finance Manager
meta	experience	North Point Mazda VW/McLarty Mazda VW - Sherwood, AR
meta	experience	November 1997 to February 2017
meta	experience	Arranged financing and reviewed required documents to determine approval/rejection.
meta	experience	Tracked daily sales and generated activity and productivity reports.
meta	experience	Verified customer information including income information and signature.
meta	experience	Assisted sales staff in determining available financing options.
meta	experience	Kept charge-backs at an acceptable level without sacrificing on quality.
meta	experience	Handled vehicle demonstrations and made arrangements for test drives.
meta	experience	Assistant Manager
meta	experience	Safeway/Harvest Foods - Little Rock, AR
meta	experience	1978 to 1994
meta	experience	Improved profit and attained sales target of the supermarket
meta	experience	Dealt with all complaints, queries, and other related customer service issues
meta	experience	Recruited and interviewed new staff for the supermarket
meta	experience	Oversaw receiving orders and stock control
meta	experience	Assigned and scheduled tasks for specific employees and also followed up on the results they
meta	experience	generated
meta	experience	Established good rapport with existing and potential customers
meta	experience	Collaborated with other members of staff that have good understanding about service
meta	experience	requirements
