content	education	MBA
content	education	University of Phoenix Sacramento, CA
content	education	B.S. in Marketing
content	education	University of Phoenix Pleasanton, CA
meta	experience	Senior Outside Sales Representative
meta	experience	Acosta Sales & Marketing - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	2012 to Present
meta	experience	Regional Retail Sales Manager
meta	experience	Managed projects, meeting monthly sales goals and objectives for Kraft/Heinz.
meta	experience	Sales Management
meta	experience	• Led a sales team inside commissaries on 22 military bases throughout the northwestern states, including Alaska.
meta	experience	• Managed and coached 16 Sales Representatives to present sales plans to commissary managers, sell in objectives, and work the products with the vendor stockers at point of sale.
meta	experience	• Connected with DeCA Zone Managers on a quarterly basis to ensure opportunities and issues were regularly addressed and met.
meta	experience	Client/Customer Management
meta	experience	• Helped ramp up the Hostess Blue Team from scratch to better serve grocery stores at the warehouse and bakery levels.
meta	experience	• Acted as a client representative to the retail teams, presenting sales plans to Zone and District Managers.
meta	experience	• Met weekly and monthly goals & objectives supporting execution of displays, distribution, and education to customers.
meta	experience	• Trained new and existing representatives on Hostess best practices to ensure quality customer service and increased sales.
meta	experience	• Presented material for client at quarterly meetings with 50 or more attendees' to provide maximum training and exposure to best practices.
meta	experience	Unit Management
meta	experience	• Managed, coached, and motivated a team of twelve Retail Coverage Merchandisers in selling Procter & Gamble and Kraft products, resulting in increased display compliance and new item speed to shelf.
meta	experience	• Continued to meet weekly coverage and frequency goals of 96% by continuous in person sales training.
meta	experience	• Improved team's retail score from 95% to 97.7% in a four month period by inspecting what was expected.
meta	experience	Retail Supervisor
meta	experience	CROSSMARK
meta	experience	2010 to 2012
meta	experience	In early 2011, helped to ramp up a brand new division that provides customer service in Walmart paint departments.
meta	experience	• Exceeded weekly execution goals and followed sales trends to better serve the needs of our client.
meta	experience	• Managed a territory ranging from California to Utah down to Las Vegas.
meta	experience	• Managed and coached a team of 19 to 20 paint specialists to sell Glidden products which resulted in increased sales of the "best and better" paints over inferior paints.
meta	experience	Retail Market Manager
meta	experience	Procter & Gamble, RetailPULSE
meta	experience	2000 to 2010
meta	experience	Supervised and motivated a team of 25 retail coverage merchandisers.
meta	experience	• Worked directly with top executives of national corporations to deliver excellent implementation of Procter & Gamble products.
meta	experience	• Improved display implementation 20% in Walmart by regular inspections of quality work and continuous communication with Market Managers about issues and opportunities.
meta	experience	• Called on top executives of Walmart and Target to increase sales through a partnership focused on out of stocks and display implementation.
meta	experience	• Successfully sold in new Tide Compaction in Target and Walmart through huddle and morning meetings.
meta	experience	• Coordinated inventory levels with store advertisements and sales to better serve the customers and increase profit margins.
