content	education	High School Diploma
content	education	Monterey Trail High School Elk Grove, CA
content	education	2008
content	education	Cosumnes River College Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	Operations Manager
meta	experience	Pacific Sales Kitchen & Home - Roseville, CA
meta	experience	June 2017 to Present
meta	experience	Performed assigned projects and completed checklists in an efficient and accurate manner.
meta	experience	Maintained daily record of all transactions.
meta	experience	Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.
meta	experience	Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies.
meta	experience	Reorganized the sales floor to meet company demands.
meta	experience	Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.
meta	experience	Wrote order supply requests to replenish merchandise.
meta	experience	Resolved customer questions, issues and complaints.
meta	experience	Improved service quality and increased sales by developing a strong
meta	experience	knowledge of company's products and services.
meta	experience	Owned team productivity metrics.
meta	experience	Completed research on complex problems and resolved issues in a timely
meta	experience	manner.
meta	experience	Department Manager
meta	experience	Home Depot - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	March 2014 to June 2017
meta	experience	Employed process improvement initiatives within the department.
meta	experience	Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving
meta	experience	appropriate feedback.
meta	experience	Delegated work to employees based on shift requirements, individual
meta	experience	strengths and unique training.
meta	experience	Held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals.
meta	experience	Answered customers' questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone.
meta	experience	Verified that all merchandising standards were maintained on a daily
meta	experience	basis.
meta	experience	Kept the showroom clean and maintained neat, orderly product displays.
meta	experience	Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced
meta	experience	retail environment.
meta	experience	Customer Service Associate
meta	experience	 - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	March 2010 to October 2013
meta	experience	Showcased features of diverse products, provided information and redirected objections.
meta	experience	Met with customers to discuss needs and offered relevant options from company line.
meta	experience	Gave top-notch service to everyone in order to provide ample sales
meta	experience	opportunities.
meta	experience	Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service
meta	experience	representatives when needed.
meta	experience	Resolved product/policy issues and shared benefits of new technology.
meta	experience	Completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote
meta	experience	customer satisfaction.
meta	experience	Assisted customers with store and product complaints.
