content	education	Bachelor's
meta	experience	sales
meta	experience	Restaurant Candy - Rocklin, CA
meta	experience	January 2012 to Present
meta	experience	marketing all media) Holdings include rental real estate Restaurant Candy
meta	experience	manufacturing.
meta	experience	Increased business profits by streamlining processes and trimming unnecessary
meta	experience	positions.
meta	experience	Developed program to promote new managers from within, leading to a cohesive
meta	experience	leadership structure.
meta	experience	Safe and efficient operation
meta	experience	Tracked income, labor and expenses via spreadsheets, and generated weekly
meta	experience	reports.
meta	experience	Hired and oversaw subcontractors covering disciplines such as electrical and plumbing installation.
meta	experience	Accurately estimated time and materials costs for projects.
meta	experience	Requisitioned new supplies and equipment.
meta	experience	Coordinated and monitored vendor maintenance for large repairs.
meta	experience	Maintained compliance with company standards to perform all maintenance
meta	experience	activities.
meta	experience	Remodeled city buildings and grounds to increase efficiencies.
meta	experience	Removed damaged tile, brick and mortar.
meta	experience	Negotiated contracts to optimize revenue stream.
meta	experience	Managed sales staff, including recruitment, hiring and training.
meta	experience	Commended by management for mentoring and leading multiple top performing
meta	experience	sales team members.
meta	experience	Facilitated the identification of new sales opportunities and utilized innovative
meta	experience	strategy to acquire new accounts.
meta	experience	Created improved pricing strategies to increase profitability.
meta	experience	Led contract negotiations and account acquisitions resulting in increased new client
meta	experience	acquisition.
meta	experience	Created printed marketing materials that were designed to drive campaigns.
meta	experience	Developed and supervised implementation of targeted marketing campaigns.
meta	experience	Increased positioning in organic searches through SEO mastery.
meta	experience	Contributed ideas to concept development, strategic planning and business
meta	experience	operations.
meta	experience	Developed and managed communications strategies, plans and budgets.
meta	experience	01/2008 to 01/2012
meta	experience	- Gold River, CA
meta	experience	Budgeting, staffing-forward planning community interfacing negotiating with contractors-CCR enforcement- negotiating foreclosures.
meta	experience	09/2000 to 06/2004
meta	experience	- Denver, CO
meta	experience	Supported the sales team in writing proposals and closing contracts.
meta	experience	Built relationships with customers and the community to establish long-term
meta	experience	business growth.
meta	experience	Prepared sales presentations for clients showing the success and credibility of 4
meta	experience	products.
meta	experience	Developed quarterly and annual sales department budgets.
meta	experience	Communicated the progress of monthly and quarterly initiatives to internal and external sales teams.
meta	experience	Supervised a sales force of 4 sales associates.
meta	experience	Managed the workflow of all business processing including the preparation of reports to support the sales department.
meta	experience	Organized promotional events and interacted with the surrounding community to increase sales volume.
meta	experience	Attended sales training camp and brought best practices leadership back to the company.
meta	experience	Promptly resolved all customer requests, questions and complaints.
meta	experience	Exceeded sales goals
meta	experience	Trained all incoming sales team members.
meta	experience	Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
meta	experience	- Lincoln, CA
meta	experience	Execute Lead based Paint Program stabilization contracting to HUD property
meta	experience	management across all HUD HOC.
meta	experience	Created successful marketing and promotions plans that drove revenue growth.
meta	experience	Developed and implemented detailed business plan to get operations running on the best foundation.
meta	experience	Established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous
meta	experience	service.
meta	experience	Forecast ed manpower requirements based on daily workload and company targets.
meta	experience	- Shawsville, VA
meta	experience	C.O.O.
meta	experience	Expanded sphere of contracting and developed employee hand books and designed
meta	experience	scope of work agreements negotiate with contractors fulfill federal compliance
meta	experience	requirements licensing performance quality-etc.
meta	experience	Grew business 4 fold and redesigned work model.
meta	experience	Coached employees on standards and completed retraining as needed.
meta	experience	Suggested improvements to maximize operational efficiency.
meta	experience	Increased profits in one year through restructure of business line.
meta	experience	Assisted with the creation of the marketing strategy and advertising initiatives that
meta	experience	were used to promote the facility to the public.
meta	experience	Initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting.
meta	experience	Negotiated and finalized contracts with new and existing customers.
meta	experience	Implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce
meta	experience	turnover.
meta	experience	Cultivated and strengthened lasting client relationships.
meta	experience	- Danville, CA
meta	experience	Real Estate Sales new construction- Build train sales teams- Client Acquisition.
meta	experience	Snow Boarding, Hiking, Climbing, Dogs Biking (Mtn/Road)
meta	experience	Vision Award Candidate
meta	experience	Sales Volume Awards
meta	experience	Salesman of The Year
