content	education	High school or equivalent
meta	experience	Merchandiser/Sales
meta	experience	Elite Brands of Colorado - Denver, CO
meta	experience	March 2018 to October 2018
meta	experience	Responsibilties Stocking shelves full of beer and assisting with hand sales and product promotions.
meta	experience	Warehouse Associate
meta	experience	Pacific Storage Company - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	September 2015 to April 2017
meta	experience	Responsibilities Stocking the warehouse, pulling boxes for deliveries and putting away for storage. Loading
meta	experience	trucks for morning routes and shredding documents for clients.
meta	experience	Plumber's Helper
meta	experience	Connect Plumbing - Broomfield, CO
meta	experience	July 2015 to August 2015
meta	experience	Responsibilities
meta	experience	I demo sinks and toilets, and cut out old pipe out of buildings.
meta	experience	Accomplishments
meta	experience	Ability to work hard and efficient in a timely fashion.
meta	experience	Production Worker
meta	experience	CoorsTek - Golden, CO
meta	experience	January 2015 to June 2015
meta	experience	I worked on the kiln production line, sanding down ceramic material, and assisting with other duties as needed.
meta	experience	Merchandiser
meta	experience	DBI Beverage Company - West Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	January 2010 to August 2013
meta	experience	Responsibilities
meta	experience	Merchandising grocery stores on my route, building displays and working with store directors to give the best
meta	experience	service possible.
meta	experience	Accomplishments
meta	experience	My impact was getting display space to further our sales and bring in more product and keep the store fully stocked.
meta	experience	Merchandiser
meta	experience	Capitol Beverage Company - West Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	January 2006 to December 2009
meta	experience	Responsibilities
meta	experience	Merchandising, building displays and filling shelves full of the products we cary.
meta	experience	Accomplishments
meta	experience	I was merchandiser of the month 2 time while at this company, and I developed great social skills and rapport with my assigned stores.
