content	education	High School Diploma
content	education	Grant Skill Center Sacramento Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	Sales Manager
meta	experience	Rent-A-Center - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	May 2018 to Present
meta	experience	Assist in managing the selection, training and development of staff; ensure monthly sales quota are met.
meta	experience	Ensure internal policies and procedures are adhered to by the team.
meta	experience	Train sales staff, implement sales incentive programs and goals to increase employee performance.
meta	experience	Handle and resolve escalated customer complaints and issues.
meta	experience	Assist in overseeing the day-to-day operations and staff; monitor and prioritize workflow and schedules.
meta	experience	Vendor Service Representative
meta	experience	Clear Capital - Roseville, CA
meta	experience	July 2016 to Present
meta	experience	Outbound and inbound calls to residential appraiser.
meta	experience	Soliciting their work and also building trusting relationships with them. Utilizing multiple computer programs. Google plays a big part in the job.
meta	experience	Customer Service Representative
meta	experience	Healthnet / Centene - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	July 2017 to January 2018
meta	experience	Respond to customer inquiries via telephone and written correspondence in a timely and appropriate manner. 
meta	experience	Respond to telephone or written correspondence inquiries from members and/or providers within established timeframes utilizing current reference materials and available resources 
meta	experience	Provide assistance to members and/or providers regarding website registration and navigation 
meta	experience	Document all activities for quality and metrics reporting through the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application 
meta	experience	Process written customer correspondence and provide the appropriate level of timely follow up 
meta	experience	May coordinate member transportation and make referrals to other departments as appropriate 
meta	experience	Maintain performance and quality standards based on established call center metrics including turn-around times 
meta	experience	Research and identify any processing inaccuracies in claim payments and route to the appropriate site operations team for claim adjustment 
meta	experience	Identify any trends related to incoming or outgoing calls that may provide policy or process improvements to support excellent customer service
meta	experience	Phone Banker
meta	experience	Wells Fargo - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	June 2015 to October 2015
meta	experience	Responsibilities
meta	experience	Responsibilities 
meta	experience	Taking inbound calls in a high call volume call center. 
meta	experience	Servicing customers needs pertaining lo bank accounts, credit cards, loans etc.  
meta	experience	showing empathy, reassuring customer needs would be taken care of. 
meta	experience	Using multiple computer programs toggling between. 
meta	experience	Making sales referrals  
meta	experience	Meeting a daily sales quota 
meta	experience	Skills Used
meta	experience	Multitasking, toggling between 10 or more computer applications, customer service, soft phone computer program
meta	experience	Customer Service Representative
meta	experience	Pacific Gas & Electric - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	September 2013 to March 2014
meta	experience	Maintained control of phone conversations, moving the customers politely along while maintaining a professional and pleasant level of customer service.
meta	experience	 Answered inbound calls in fast-paced environment. Helped customers with billing inquiries and analyzing their bills and usage of natural gas and electricity
meta	experience	 Resolved product or service problems by clarifying the customer complaints; determining the cause of the problem; selected and explained the best solution to solve the problem; expedited corrections or adjustments; followed up to ensure resolution.
meta	experience	  Demonstrated the ability to find information in a quick and efficient manner.
meta	experience	Followed call center script, in some cases word-for-word, and made suggestions on ways to save energy
meta	experience	Customer Service Representative
meta	experience	ADVANCED CALL CENTER TECHNOLOGIES,LLC - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	August 2012 to February 2013
meta	experience	Operated communication systems, such as telephones, switchboards, and worked between multiple computer screens with good technical skills
meta	experience	 Greeted callers, screened and transferred calls in a professional polite manner, processed orders, forms and application.
meta	experience	 Accurately processed purchases, transactions, forms and applications while following all policies and procedures effectively.
meta	experience	 Handled a high volume of inbound calls within a dynamic environment and maintained effective results in a quota driven
meta	experience	workplace
meta	experience	  Provided an excellent level of customer service while asking discovery questions in order to off the right up sale
meta	experience	Sales Associate
meta	experience	Target - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	October 2011 to September 2012
meta	experience	Highly skilled in greeting guests with a gracious smile and offering them to help with their shopping needs
meta	experience	 Proven ability to suggest, choose, and help locate products based on guest needs and desires        
meta	experience	 Provided great customer service while working cash register and also working as store operator.
meta	experience	Provided an excellent level of customer service both internally and externally
meta	experience	Sales Associate
meta	experience	Citi Trends - Sacramento, CA
meta	experience	July 2010 to January 2011
meta	experience	Highly skilled in greeting guests with a gracious smile and offering them to help with their shopping needs
meta	experience	Proven ability to suggest, choose, and help locate products based on guest needs and desires
meta	experience	 Provided great customer service while working cash register and also working as store operator.
meta	experience	Provided an excellent level of customer service both internally and externally
