content	education	High school or equivalent
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	I Pawn - Denver, CO
meta	experience	February 2014 to December 2016
meta	experience	Warehouse manager, Monthly inventory keeper. Pawn broker and Cashier with great customer service skills.
meta	experience	Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise
meta	experience	customers on types of equipment to purchase.
meta	experience	Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.
meta	experience	Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service.
meta	experience	Review operational records and reports to project sales and determine
meta	experience	profitability.
meta	experience	Direct foreign sales and service outlets of an organization.
meta	experience	Advise dealers and distributors on policies and operating procedures to ensure
meta	experience	functional effectiveness of business.
meta	experience	Direct, coordinate, and review activities in sales and service accounting and recordkeeping, and in receiving and shipping operations.
meta	experience	Represent company at trade association meetings to promote products.
meta	experience	Customer Service
meta	experience	McDonald's 8700 Pena Blvd - Denver, CO
meta	experience	February 2011 to October 2013
meta	experience	Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of
meta	experience	complaints.
meta	experience	Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken.
meta	experience	Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers'
meta	experience	problems.
meta	experience	Determine charges for services requested, collect deposits or payments, or arrange for billing.
meta	experience	Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further
meta	experience	investigation.
meta	experience	Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills.
meta	experience	Recommend improvements in products, packaging, shipping, service, or
meta	experience	billing methods and procedures to prevent future problems.
meta	experience	cleaning May 2009-Sep 2009
meta	experience	Firehouse car wash Denver, CO
meta	experience	Operate or tend machines to wash and remove impurities from items such as barrels or kegs, glass products, tin plate surfaces, dried fruit, pulp, animal
meta	experience	stock, coal, manufactured articles, plastic, or rubber.
meta	experience	Drain, clean, and refill machines or tanks at designated intervals, using
meta	experience	cleaning solutions or water.
meta	experience	Observe machine operations, gauges, or thermometers, and adjust controls to maintain specified conditions.
meta	experience	Set controls to regulate temperature and length of cycles, and start conveyors,
meta	experience	pumps, agitators, and machines.
meta	experience	Examine and inspect machines to detect malfunctions.
meta	experience	Record gauge readings, materials used, processing times, and/or test results in production logs.
meta	experience	Adjust, clean, and lubricate mechanical parts of machines, using hand tools and grease guns.
meta	experience	Load machines with objects to be processed, then unload objects after cleaning and place them on conveyors or racks.
