content	education	Master of Science in Counseling in Counseling
content	education	University of Phoenix
content	education	March 2009 to September 2012
content	education	Bachelor of Science in Communication in Communication
content	education	Eastern New Mexico University
content	education	2007
meta	experience	Cision, Manager
meta	experience	International Sales
meta	experience	March 2018 to Present
meta	experience	• Consultative sales with prospects and current clients (start-ups to Fortune 1000 companies) to leverage international press releases within their communication strategy.
meta	experience	• Serves as a subject matter expert in PR Newswire's international suite of services (press release distribution to 170 countries in 40 languages)
meta	experience	• Responsible for $23 million goal, up in revenue 7% for Q2.
meta	experience	Senior New Business Representative
meta	experience	Cision
meta	experience	August 2013 to March 2018
meta	experience	• Competitive cold calling to prospective clients, developing rapport and repeat customers.
meta	experience	• Converted warm leads to members, exceeded metrics and monthly sales goals, closed nearly 1.2 million in 2017, nearly 1 million dollars in 2016 at 149% of goal. In 2015, closed over 900K at 144% of goal and in 2014 closed over 500K at 116% of goal.
meta	experience	• Implemented new membership application and process for new customers to join PR Newswire.
meta	experience	• Calculated discounts preferred pricing & drafted custom proposals and packages for clients.
meta	experience	• Proficient in Salesforce CRM database, managing a pipeline for more than 6 months and sales reports.
meta	experience	• Certified in Miller Heiman sales methodology.
meta	experience	High School Representative
meta	experience	Educational Management Corporation
meta	experience	July 2011 to July 2013
meta	experience	• Program management for Brown Mackie College in the high school segment with over 60 schools.
meta	experience	• Promoted an educational approach on the values of proprietary education, with the goal of overcoming preconceived notions while also offering our brand as the optimal solution for a segment of each student body.
meta	experience	• Developed engaging presentation skills, by delivering more than 850 presentations a year to high school students around New Mexico with demographic adjustments.
meta	experience	• Networked and developed rapport with teachers, counselors and faculty by cold calling, in-person visits and email.
meta	experience	• Marketed Albuquerque programs, generating over 5,500 student inquiries (2,000 over goal)
meta	experience	• Worked remotely within a corporate department successfully managing local campus accounts by providing service up and down the account, intense scheduling (Microsoft Dynamics CRM), and analytical approach on an individual basis for each account.
meta	experience	Customer Service Representative
meta	experience	Jewish Community Center
meta	experience	May 2009 to July 2011
meta	experience	• Sold gym memberships, fitness programs, personal training, kids camp and more.
meta	experience	• Converted fitness trials into memberships
meta	experience	• Attended health/fitness fairs and marketing to new members
meta	experience	• Collected membership fees, analyzed & compiled billing and financial reports.
meta	experience	• Wrote and received a United Way Grant for the Title One Homeless Project.
meta	experience	Shift Leader
meta	experience	Starbucks
meta	experience	May 2008 to May 2009
meta	experience	• Competed and increased sales.
meta	experience	• Won sales award for selling the most pumpkin muffins during Fall 2008.
meta	experience	• Managed a team of baristas and delegated responsibility during shift.
meta	experience	• Managed money, deposits and store inventory
meta	experience	• Handled customer complaints and concerns
meta	experience	TV, News Producer
meta	experience	KOB
meta	experience	December 2007 to April 2008
meta	experience	• Produced a compelling morning broadcast, with breaking news and live shots.
meta	experience	• Wrote and copyedited newscast.
meta	experience	• Conducted phone interviews and follow-ups to receive information and check accuracy.
