content	education	Associates of Arts
content	education	Arapahoe Community College Littleton, CO
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	Alpha Wine Company
meta	experience	2011 to Present
meta	experience	Sales of  California wines, liquor and expanded knowledge on Spanish, French, Italian, New Zealand and South African wines
meta	experience	• Maintain a smaller territory of off- premise establishments
meta	experience	Director of Operations
meta	experience	• Oversee the accounts receivable for over 500 accounts
meta	experience	• In charge of the banking and deposits
meta	experience	• Mastered QuickBooks for accounting
meta	experience	• Make purchase orders for Vendors
meta	experience	• Track Inventory
meta	experience	• Input daily orders from employees for delivery to retail
meta	experience	• Help interview and managed Employees
meta	experience	• Update territories and knowledge of wines for Employees
meta	experience	Marketing and Sales
meta	experience	Cocetti Wines - Centennial, CO
meta	experience	2007 to Present
meta	experience	Integral part of building and maintaining sales territory, including local marketing of numerous wine houses and in-person sales.
meta	experience	o Created highest Denver sales volume by developing and presenting sales marketing plans for a dedicated territory used to promote new sales opportunities and to maintain high customer retention.  As a result, the sales region produced 45% of total company sales.
meta	experience	o Collaborated with the winemaker, distribution channels, retail on-premise/ off-premise locations, and the general public to consistently sell product.
meta	experience	o Increased market penetration by 17% by locating, setting up, and developing new vendors in multiple locations.
meta	experience	o Maintained 100% client retention through exemplary customer service and the ability to problem solve and act as an emissary to the winemaker; including developing repeatable presentations for new products, and developing marketing plans.
meta	experience	Wine Sales Rep
meta	experience	CTS Wine Distributing
meta	experience	2010 to 2011
meta	experience	Presented new and old Wines from around the world every week
meta	experience	• Building and maintaining a territory
meta	experience	• Maintained marketing and building new wines for my territory
meta	experience	• Managed all the marketing material for my products and clients
meta	experience	• Build strong relationships with clients and was able to manage account with trust, accounts receivable and hand selling
meta	experience	Office Manager/ Bookkeeper
meta	experience	Howe Productions - Edwards, CO
meta	experience	2004 to 2007
meta	experience	Independent contractor responsible for all the corporate operations involved in maintaining a business from the bookkeeping, marketing, customer retention and employee relations.
meta	experience	• Created and implemented organizational processes resulting in major impacts to efficiency in the company.
meta	experience	o Maintained client satisfaction through constant personal care and an ever-evolving business process and strategy.
meta	experience	o Developed employee motivation strategy that resulted in greater employer retention and satisfaction.
meta	experience	Owner Music Store
meta	experience	B-Side Music Llc - Edwards, CO
meta	experience	1999 to 2004
meta	experience	Oversaw everyday operations of the store and managed all employees. Sourced vendors and managed all marketing and sales efforts.
meta	experience	o Increased foot traffic through multiple creative marketing and public relations strategies growing the operation to become the premier music store in the Vail Valley.
meta	experience	o Responsible for developing the marketing and sales process including print ads, radio spots, and grass roots marketing efforts resulting in very high customer satisfaction and world class word-of-mouth sales.
meta	experience	o Utilized local media to increase recognition, including producing a weekly radio show to build client recognition, and numerous third party endorsements in the print media.
