content	education	GED
content	education	Emily Griffith Opportunity School Denver, CO
content	education	1999
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	Discount Forklift - Denver, CO
meta	experience	July 2018 to Present
meta	experience	80239
meta	experience	• Services existing accounts, obtains orders, and establishes new accounts by planning and organizing daily work schedule to call on existing or potential sales outlets and other trade
meta	experience	factors.
meta	experience	• Adjusts content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet or trade factor.
meta	experience	• Focuses sales efforts by studying existing and potential volume of suppliers.
meta	experience	• Referring to price lists and product literature to submit orders.
meta	experience	• Monitors competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, products, new
meta	experience	products, delivery schedules, merchandising techniques, etc.
meta	experience	• Resolves customer complaints by investigating problems; developing solutions; preparing
meta	experience	reports; making recommendations to management.
meta	experience	• Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops;
meta	experience	reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
meta	experience	• Provides historical records by maintaining records on area and customer sales.
meta	experience	• Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
meta	experience	New Section 2 ~~~~~~
meta	experience	• Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
meta	experience	Account management/Sales
meta	experience	Complete Consulting LLC - Denver, CO
meta	experience	July 2015 to Present
meta	experience	80219
meta	experience	• Complete Consulting LLC
meta	experience	• Spearheaded expansion and development initiatives in Denver, Colorado.
meta	experience	• Identified revenue opportunities by collaborating with distribution partners.
meta	experience	• Managed a portfolio of 3 accounts totaling $50,000 in sales.
meta	experience	• Developed comparison tables of products and services by researching product pricing, ratings
meta	experience	and performance.
meta	experience	• Evaluated current service needs and product satisfaction levels with established customers.
meta	experience	• Uncovered and qualified prospects and sales opportunities in targeted markets using external
meta	experience	resources.
meta	experience	• Quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications.
meta	experience	New Section 2 ~~~~~~
meta	experience	• Quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications.
meta	experience	• Evaluated market trends and recommended marketing budget allocations to top management.
meta	experience	• Created sales contacts with on- and off-premise accounts.
meta	experience	• Organized joint sales calls with current customers and outside vendors.
meta	experience	Account Executive
meta	experience	Toco Warranty - Lakewood, CO
meta	experience	May 2017 to February 2018
meta	experience	80235
meta	experience	• Creating detailed business plans to facilitate the attainment of goals and quotas
meta	experience	• Managing the entire sales cycle from finding a client to securing a deal
meta	experience	• Unearthing new sales opportunities through networking and turn them into long term
meta	experience	partnerships
meta	experience	• Present products to prospective clients
meta	experience	• Provide professional after-sales support to enhance the customers' dedication
meta	experience	• Remain in frequent contact with the clients in your responsibility to understand their needs
meta	experience	• Respond to complaints and resolve issues aiming to customer contentment and the preservation
meta	experience	of the company's reputation
meta	experience	• Negotiate agreements and keep records of sales and data
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	Discount Forklift - Denver, CO
meta	experience	March 2017 to May 2017
meta	experience	80239
meta	experience	• Services existing accounts, obtains orders, and establishes new accounts by planning and organizing daily work schedule to call on existing or potential sales outlets and other trade
meta	experience	factors.
meta	experience	• Adjusts content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet or trade factor.
meta	experience	• Focuses sales efforts by studying existing and potential volume of suppliers.
meta	experience	• Referring to price lists and product literature to submit orders.
meta	experience	• Monitors competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, products, new
meta	experience	products, delivery schedules, merchandising techniques, etc.
meta	experience	• Resolves customer complaints by investigating problems; developing solutions; preparing
meta	experience	reports; making recommendations to management.
meta	experience	• Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops;
meta	experience	reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
meta	experience	• Provides historical records by maintaining records on area and customer sales.
meta	experience	• Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
meta	experience	Product Development / Sales
meta	experience	Herbal Options LLC - Englewood, CO
meta	experience	June 2009 to July 2010
meta	experience	80110
meta	experience	• Built client relationships by acting as the liaison between the customer service and sales
meta	experience	teams.
meta	experience	• Consulted with clients after sales and contract signings to resolve problems and provide
meta	experience	ongoing support.
meta	experience	• Reviewed sales and activity reports to measure productivity and meet company performance
meta	experience	targets.
meta	experience	• Analyzed industry trends and compiled market research data to inform planning and strategy.
meta	experience	• Directed targeted marketing efforts that introduced new products and promoted product
meta	experience	visibility.
meta	experience	• Developed, marketed and sold a full range of cannabis products, including infused creams and infused edibles.
meta	experience	• Managed business finances, including paying vendors and suppliers for products services
meta	experience	rendered.
meta	experience	• Prospected to obtain new accounts while maintaining relationships with existing accounts.
meta	experience	• Researched public perception of products and services and used information gathered to guide strategy
meta	experience	• development.
meta	experience	• Cad
meta	experience	Cad Drafter
meta	experience	RK Mechanical - Denver, CO
meta	experience	August 2007 to January 2009
meta	experience	80238
meta	experience	• Designed and optimized mechanical components for hospital and other large scale plumbing
meta	experience	applications i.e.,
meta	experience	Drain, waste, vent, and supply lines.
meta	experience	• Read and interpreted blueprints, technical drawings, schematics, and computer-generated
meta	experience	reports.
meta	experience	• Developed concept layout and design of plumbing applications from product specifications
meta	experience	using 3D CAD
meta	experience	software.
meta	experience	• Managed continuous improvement projects.
