content	education	Master's Degree in Industrial and Organizational Psychology in Research Methods
content	education	Argosy University Tampa, FL
content	education	Bachelor's Degree in Psychology in Psychology
content	education	Radford University Radford, VA
meta	experience	Recruiting Coordinator/HR Assistant- Sales Partnerships
meta	experience	Solomon Page Staffing- Sales Partnerships - Westminster, CO
meta	experience	August 2018 to Present
meta	experience	• Builds applicant sources by researching and contacting community services, colleges, employment agencies, recruiters, media, and internet sites; providing organization information, opportunities, and benefits; making presentations; maintaining rapport. Determines applicant requirements by studying job description and job qualifications. Attracts applicants by placing job advertisements; contacting recruiters, using newsgroups and job sites. Determines applicant qualifications by interviewing applicants; analyzing responses; verifying references; comparing qualifications to job requirements. Arranges management interviews by coordinating schedules; arranges travel, lodging, and meals; escorting applicant to interviews; arranging community tours.
meta	experience	• Answering employee questions and processing incoming mail. Providing customer service to organization employees. Maintaining calendars of HR management team. Compiling reports and spreadsheets and preparing spreadsheets. Participating in benefits tasks, such as claim resolutions, reconciling benefits statements, and approving invoices for payment. Maintaining current HR files and databases. Updating and maintaining employee benefits, employment status, and similar records. Performing file audits to ensure that all required employee documentation is collected and maintained. Completing termination paperwork and assisting with exit interviews.
meta	experience	Chapter Leader
meta	experience	Barley's Angels of Colorado
meta	experience	July 2018 to Present
meta	experience	Create and maintain strong successful on-going business relationships. Collaborate with craft-beer focused breweries, brewpubs, restaurants in creating a comfortable environment for female consumersPlan and execute monthly craft-beer educational events with breweries throughout Colorado. Develop and extend Brand Ambassador positions throughout other major cities within Colorado.
meta	experience	HR Consulting Partner- Employee Retention Specialist
meta	experience	June 2017 to Present
meta	experience	• Advise small businesses on applying industry best practices to improve or alleviate issues in attracting, hiring and retaining their talent. Attract and hire employees who are aligned with the company's culture, mission, vision and their core values. Assisted small business owners create job descriptions on ZipRecruiter, sort through qualified candidates, and schedule phone/in-person interviews. Designing new methodologies to improve employee retention by focusing on employee engagement, morale, and motivation. Producer of the weekly Small Business Hiring podcast which is in the top 10 of the Management and Marketing category on iTunes. Developing effective on-boarding programs, performance reviews/feedback sessions, and stay and/or exit interviews. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills to deliver customer service satisfaction.
meta	experience	• Client projects include:
meta	experience	◦ Developing performance appraisal system for construction appraisal company.
meta	experience	◦ Creating employee retention training program with separate classes for managers and individual contributors for an upscale car detailing business.
meta	experience	◦ Create and build company culture for new and/or existing businesses.
meta	experience	◦ Constructing, designing, and creating policies and procedures within employee handbook's to incorporate a rewards and recognition system, goal setting, employee development, performance reviews, work/life balance, wellness programs, flexibility, and scheduling.
meta	experience	Selected Content
meta	experience	◦ Article on Employee Retention Tips published on HR Coaching and LinkedIn https://www.hrcoaching.com/retentiontips/
meta	experience	◦ Podcast episode "Treat Employees Like Customers" https://www.hrcoaching.com/sbh34/
meta	experience	◦ YouTube 2018 Small Business Hiring Update: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGse_pLGu4Q
meta	experience	Community Health Educator
meta	experience	Humana
meta	experience	December 2012 to June 2017
meta	experience	Humana 12/2012- 6/2017
meta	experience	• Telephonic member outreach to confirm receipt of educational materials routed and review/provide education as needed. Demonstrate leadership skills by assisting new hire classes with their development. Responsible for leading "Motivational Interviewing" of training of team. Ability to communicate effectively with multi-disciplinary team members and demonstrate critical thinking skills. Received an exceeding expectations rating on annual performance evaluations for contributing and achieving goals set forth by the organization and meeting the requirements within and outside the scope of the role expectations.
meta	experience	Committee Involvement: Chair of the Development and Recognition sub-committee
meta	experience	◦ Facilitated monthly meetings and lunch and learn sessions, provided training and development, working collaboratively to formulate new ideas and ways to promote personal development, and role-recognition among Humana At Home Associates.
meta	experience	◦ Created and implemented an employee reward and recognition process on the employee SharePoint site, developed role recognition certificates for associates, set goals and expectations, and created and provided training materials for management to use when educating associates.
meta	experience	Substance Abuse Counselor
meta	experience	Colonial Management
meta	experience	January 2012 to December 2012
meta	experience	Provided direct care by determining patient's needs through interviewing them and obtaining medical history. Managed treatment and rehabilitation programs while tailoring the process based on patient's needs. Modified treatments by maintaining case history and progress notes while monitoring the patients. Restores patients to productive roles by educating them about available community based organizations, and social and employment services.
meta	experience	Dependency Case Manager
meta	experience	Children's Home Society
meta	experience	February 2011 to December 2011
meta	experience	Provide a written assessment to assess the family's strengths, risk factors, and needs of the child(ren) and biological parents. Complete face-to-face visits with ten to twenty families on a weekly, bi-weekly or monthly basis; based upon the level of risk for the child(ren). Prioritizing daily tasks and duties by level of importance and high priority, problem solving, multitasking, and being able to work in a fast-paced and unpredictable environment. Attend family meetings, psychotropic medication staffings, independent living staffings and other scheduled staffings and to ensure all parties are notified to attend or appear by phone. Filed case plans, judicial reviews, home studies and file with the court. Communicate and collaborate with judges, assistant state attorneys, guardian ad litems, therapists, counselors to provide and obtain necessary information as to the child(ren)'s needs.
meta	experience	Adult, Geriatric, Dependency Case Manager Case Manager
meta	experience	Gulf Coast Jewish Family Services
meta	experience	August 2008 to February 2011
