content	education	Bachelors of Science in Business
content	education	University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management
content	education	September 1985 to June 1990
meta	experience	Co-founder, Gabriel Sales
meta	experience	Gabriel Sales - Boulder, CO
meta	experience	2001 to Present
meta	experience	Co-founder. Head of Client Services, Sales Operations, Sales Consulting, and
meta	experience	Database Management. Acting Marketing and Sales Manager for 5-10 clients at any time. Responsible for SOW goals and targets; reporting weekly, monthly, and
meta	experience	quarterly. This requires detailed project management, multi-tasking, and process
meta	experience	development.
meta	experience	Sales Management: Ensuring the reps are staying on message, calling on the correct targets, managing the databases and keeping the team motivated for
meta	experience	success.
meta	experience	My responsibilities include developing client relationships, scoping and selling
meta	experience	consulting engagements, identifying talent and human resources, leading project
meta	experience	delivery and most importantly - building long-term relationships by providing
meta	experience	exceptional service and measurable ROI.
meta	experience	Client Servicing, execution and oversight for sales and marketing operational
meta	experience	setup or an overhaul. Demand Generation, Pipeline Management, Marketing
meta	experience	Automation, Sales Management and Closing deals for our clients.
meta	experience	In the last 17 years, Gabriel Sales has supported over 100 clients, of which I have
meta	experience	been personally actively involved in over 70. Serviced clients in the following
meta	experience	industries: Contact Center Outsourcing, Back Office Outsourcing, B2B SaaS,
meta	experience	Web Development, Professional Services, Publishing, and Real Estate
meta	experience	Development. With the greatest experience in selling software.
meta	experience	Additional Duties:
meta	experience	● HR, Talent Management & Recruiting
meta	experience	● Vendor Management
meta	experience	● Financial Planning & Bookkeeping Oversight
meta	experience	Sales Director, Customer Asset
meta	experience	 - San Mateo, CA
meta	experience	2000 to 2001
meta	experience	Enterprise Sales and Client Services for a revolutionary start-up of an outsourced call center and database marketing firm based in India, serving the Fortune 500 and Global 2000.
meta	experience	Met and exceeded all goals set and outperformed all team members. Built a
meta	experience	strong rolodex of the Fortune 500 with large call centers and direct marketing
meta	experience	divisions. As first U.S. salesperson, helped grow company from 0-$5M in one
meta	experience	year.
meta	experience	Regional Sales Manager
meta	experience	Autoweb.com - Santa Clara, CA
meta	experience	1998 to 2000
meta	experience	Outside and Inside Sales for on-line car buying service. Consistently performed in top 20% in sales and account retention. Attained 170% of monthly sales quota.
meta	experience	Managed most competitive territory that generates 20% of the company's lead
meta	experience	revenues.
meta	experience	Staffing Manager
meta	experience	Robert Half International - Walnut Creek, CA
meta	experience	1996 to 1998
meta	experience	Outside Sales and Recruiter of temporary services for the Accountemps division.
meta	experience	In first six months, successfully developed accounts to increase our division's
meta	experience	sales by 50%. Within one year performed in the top 5% for sales in the Western
meta	experience	Region and received the District Sales Award.
