content	education	GED in General Equivalency Diploma
content	education	Community College of Denver Denver, CO
content	education	February 2005 to April 2005
content	education	High school in High School
content	education	Jerusalem School of Males
content	education	September 2001 to June 2002
content	education	BA in Business Management
content	education	Community College of Denver - 28 Credit Complete Denver, CO
content	education	April 2006 
meta	experience	Rental & Leasing Manager
meta	experience	Automotive Sales - Doha
meta	experience	2010 to February 2018
meta	experience	KEY HIGHLIGHTS
meta	experience	• Catapulted monthly revenue from QAR 180K to over QAR 3.2M within a six-year period, expanded fleet volume from 160 to 1,300 units while surpassing budget / KPI benchmarks by 20% YOY.
meta	experience	• Achieved ground-breaking department performance, elevating department and team to triumph and sustain top corporate ranking through building, motivation and leadership of 18 talented staff members.
meta	experience	• Landed acquisition of high-value non-tactical vehicle lease contract from US Air Force (379th wing brigade) evolved to the largest lease fleet capacity for the Air Force outside the US territory.
meta	experience	• Delivered organization’s largest and top volume account containing 700 lease units, through strategic management of highly complex commercial / technical tender.
meta	experience	• Secured and retained company’s top 10 B2B customers for six consecutive years while progressively upselling and sizably growing sales as well as customer fleets.
meta	experience	• Achieved multiple top achievement awards and commendations for sales and services excellence.
meta	experience	Jaidah Trading and Automotive (Sole Authorized National Chevrolet Dealer) Qatar
meta	experience	Leasing Manager 10-2010-01.2017
meta	experience	Spearheaded leasing operations with a focus on boosting revenues and business growth. Progressively built and presided over a sizable lease fleet of 1,300 vehicles (asset turnover value worth QAR 72M). Forged enduring business relationships with clients while expressing an immaculate corporate image earning customer business and trust. Managed P&L performances, cost control, assets, and annual budget mounting to QAR 42M revenue at 35% GP benchmark. Regulated and delivered highest customer service standards, achieving top survey ratings extraordinary customer satisfaction and withstanding retention. Coordinated efforts of talented teams charged with sales, administration, services, finances, HR, regulatory compliance, client relations, prospecting, tendering, risk mitigation, pricing, negotiations, reporting, and both external / internal audits.
meta	experience	Select Management Contributions:
meta	experience	• Negotiated, captured, and managed highly complex commercial / technical proposal with US Government – Department of US Air Force. Successfully surpassed client expectations and achieved lucrative contract extensions.
meta	experience	• Grew US Air Force account volume to largest fleet belonging to the USAF, outside the US territory and largest account company-wide and second largest leasing contract across Qatari automotive market.
meta	experience	• Enhanced US Air Force contract performance substantially driving results from zero to QAR 1.8M net revenue solely for Leasing Department implanting 700 units on active lease while cascading additional revenue pipelines for workshop, parts, and CPOV departments.
meta	experience	• Minimized aggressive competition (Ford) from supplier equation while progressively monopolizing on USAF entire fleet of 850+ units with keen focus on prevailing Jaidah Motors as sole automotive provider.
meta	experience	• Linked a dynamic three-way synergy by acquiring lease-to-lease agreement on 16 idle buses from semi-government entity, fulfilling customer unconventional requirement while generating 52% gross profit income.
meta	experience	• Secured QAR 1.1M annual reduction savings through tendering procurement of new insurance provider for rental assets. Comprised additional services to new insurance policy eliminating necessity to recruit insurance coordinator thus cutting down headcount and overheads by QAR 80K. Also saved QAR 170K by negotiating cost-effective contracts across three new tire / repair suppliers.
meta	experience	• Improved forecasting and budget accuracy by advocating unexpected costs & revenues during budget planning. Overachieved revenue & net income budget targets by a steady average of 19% for 5 consecutive years from 2011 to 2016.
meta	experience	• Grew account base by working closely with Military Contracting Office and regulatory bodies to create verity of legal authorization codes for DOD suppliers. Empowering company to bid, acquire and preform DOD Military contracts.
meta	experience	• Secured new accounts with Ministry of Transport and Telecommunications, Ministry of Interior, Alkass Sports Channel, and Internal Security Forces. Collectively delivering 160 units within a 12-month time span.
meta	experience	• Achieved 20% revenue, net income / fleet volume YOY growth, transcending fleet volume 28% (FY16).
meta	experience	• Regulated 35% internal price markdown in compliance with corporate policy through monitoring and approval of expenses, petty cash, repair costs, and parts operations, resulting in conformation of policy and cost reductions.
meta	experience	• Recaptured and significantly reduced annual expenditure by vigilantly overseeing and securing warranty claims from manufacturer.
meta	experience	• Arranged the first leasing department customer survey program targeting retail rental / leasing customers covering 120 customers, accomplishing an astonishing 94% score triumph.
meta	experience	• Transformed customer / vendor relations to long-term robust business partnerships boosting business growth and development.
meta	experience	• Enlarged corporate service line portfolio, fueling market share and revenue growth through launch of new retail / rental / leasing program (13% revenue / 9% net income increases in 10 months).
meta	experience	• Negotiated and secured successful award of high-value contracts with elite organizations such as Medina Group, Shareborne & British Schools, General Dynamics Inc., Arama Group, W1 Investment Group, and multiple embassies.
meta	experience	• Accelerated productivity and operational quality by clearly establishing roles and responsibility, defining tasks, procedural streamlining of process and amended policies / procedures in line with evolving market developments.
meta	experience	• Identified 57 dormant units by auditing asset registry and took immediate measures to liquidate, re-leasing of 57 units within 60 days of identification of such accounts, recapturing $125K of lost monthly revenue.
meta	experience	• Negotiated and secured maintenance contract for 78 GOA non-tactical vehicles, resulting in guaranteed stable $50K revenue every quarter.
meta	experience	• Provided technical training to the team, equipping drivers with the knowledge to diagnose and repair light technical issues, enabling immediate on-the-spot assistance, significantly saved time and costs while boosting customer satisfaction and appreciation.
meta	experience	• Selected and directed a diverse, transnational team comprising 18 talented members; interviewed, hired and conducted one-to-one performance appraisals influencing maximum commitment to the achievement of corporate objectives.
meta	experience	Managing Partner
meta	experience	Trycorr WLL - Doha
meta	experience	January 2010 to October 2010
meta	experience	Orchestrated acquisition of local Qatari sponsor-to-sponsor (Trycorr) based on silent partnership agreement in exchange for QAR 100K annual fee. Played an instrumental role in legal proceedings and establishment of Trycorr WLL with initial QAR 200K start-up capital. Coordinated office set-up, staff accommodations, and corporate banking as well as establishment of mission statement focused on global US Military contracts.
meta	experience	• Provided way for acquisition of additional business associates / partner ($600K surplus).
meta	experience	• Established structure for bidding, securing, and managing contracts through creation of DOD supplier authorization coded.
meta	experience	• Played central role in contract proposals and negotiations that resulted in three contract awards (new DBIDs facility construction – value $1.2M; taxiway pavement – value $260K; and NTV lease (automotive) – approx. monthly revenue value $180K).
meta	experience	• Headed merger negotiations with Jaidah Group and sale of Trycorr to Jaidah Group at $375K, resulting in 6% profit ROI dividends for shareholders and 5% commission.
meta	experience	Security Escort Administrator
meta	experience	BEM-JV - Aludeid Air Base, Doha Qatar
meta	experience	September 2008 to January 2010
meta	experience	• Provided administration of security operations consisting of 250 focused on Foreign Nationals Workers (FNW), US Security Forces (SF), and DBIDs office. Managed documentation, passes and escort assignments.
meta	experience	Sales Consultant/Customer Service
meta	experience	Broadway Dodge - Lakewood, CO
meta	experience	May 2006 to September 2008
meta	experience	• Liaised with and delivered quality services to diverse customers, achieving top levels of satisfaction and retention. Performed client needs assessment, price negotiations, credit processing, upselling, CRM system management and inventory tracking.
meta	experience	 Continuously ranked as top sales performer.
meta	experience	 Completed sale of 33 vehicles within the first month of employment (second best out of 24 sales reps).
meta	experience	 Liquidated nearly 20% of aged stock, resulting in aged stock drop and significant commission pay-out.
