content	education	Spanish
content	education	Shaw Industries Corporate Training Program
content	education	July 2006 to December 2006
content	education	Bachelor of Arts in Spanish and Latin American Studies
content	education	California State University Chico, CA
content	education	2006
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	GALDERMA AESTHETICS
meta	experience	May 2015 to Present
meta	experience	of aesthetic syringes and implants for use in aesthetic and corrective procedures.
meta	experience	Sales Professional
meta	experience	Currently selling dermal fillers and neurotoxins in clinics, medical spas and medical offices; working with nurses, business
meta	experience	managers, plastic surgeons, general surgeons, dermatologists and a variety of other health care professionals.
meta	experience	*   Finished 2016 at 106.5%. Top 40 sales representatives within aesthetic and corrective division and number 1
meta	experience	regionally.
meta	experience	*   Grew a non-performing territory to 130% in first five months of employment.
meta	experience	*   Hit plan at 130% in Q3 2015. Hit plan at 120% in Q4 2015. Hit plan at 100% in Q1 2016. Hit Plan at 115% Q2 2016.
meta	experience	*   Overseeing 50 accounts targeting new business opportunities, maintaining and increasing profitability and market
meta	experience	share throughout geographical area.
meta	experience	*   Cold-call daily; develop working rapport with customers based on knowledge, trust, service, and integrity; provide
meta	experience	product presentations; work with qualified customers / accounts to determine product needs. Secure opportunities to deliver customers with quotes; provides follow up on deliveries, orders and expedite or problem solve.
meta	experience	*   Accomplish business growth through the implementation of major marketing programs.
meta	experience	*   Prospect to develop new accounts and surmise territory potential through awareness.
meta	experience	*   Prepare reports of business transactions and sales reports, which illustrate sales volume and sales goals, as well as regular call reports regarding quotes, orders, problem resolution and forecast goals.
meta	experience	*   Create and implement business development plans for all major top performing accounts.
meta	experience	*   Create and implement sales curriculum for new and rotating office staff personnel on products, facial aging and upselling techniques.
meta	experience	Sales Representative
meta	experience	JOHNSON AND JOHNSON - ETHICON
meta	experience	December 2014 to May 2015
meta	experience	Sold disposables and implants in the operating room and surgery center; specialized in bariatric surgery, thoracic surgery,
meta	experience	general surgery, urology, and pediatrics. Assisted in developing a bariatric referral system and patient education formats.
meta	experience	Worked with professional-education to develop medical education programs. Implementing new technologies in both open and laparoscopic cases. Examples of these technologies are: endocutters, energy devices and various endomechanical
meta	experience	products.
meta	experience	*   Completed a thorough two month training course first quarter 2015 in all bariatric and thoracic procedures.
meta	experience	*   Hit 100% May of 2015 in H1 2015.
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	JOHNSON AND JOHNSON - ETHICON
meta	experience	July 2013 to May 2015
meta	experience	of capital equipment, disposables and implants for use in bariatric and thoracic procedures including general surgery,
meta	experience	colorectal, gynecological, head and neck, and urinary specialties.
meta	experience	Sales Representative
meta	experience	JOHNSON AND JOHNSON - ETHICON
meta	experience	July 2013 to December 2014
meta	experience	Sold capital equipment, disposables and implants in the operating room, labor and delivery, surgery center, and offices
meta	experience	specializing in women's health, gynecologic oncology, urogynecology and urology procedures including pelvic floor
meta	experience	reconstruction, stress urinary incontinence open and laparoscopic pelvic surgery, endometrial ablation, operative
meta	experience	hysteroscopy, and adhesion prevention.
meta	experience	*   Grew new territory from 75% to 116% in first 3 months for 2013.
meta	experience	*   Hit plan at 101.3% for 2014.
meta	experience	*   Specialist overseeing 150 accounts and 8 sales representatives.
meta	experience	*   Aids in physician practice development, patient marketing and physician reimbursement for the operating room and office procedures.
meta	experience	Sales Representative
meta	experience	STEADMED MEDICAL
meta	experience	April 2012 to July 2013
meta	experience	Northern California                                  April 2012 to July 2013
meta	experience	A startup company focused on wound care and skin care medical sales. Selling products to clinics, hospitals, long term care
meta	experience	(LTC), home health care agencies and physicians (Vascular Surgeons, Podiatrists and General Surgeons).
meta	experience	Sales Representative
meta	experience	Responsible for generating a new and unproven medical sales territory, encompassing accounts within Northern California and Nevada.
meta	experience	*   Grew new territory from $0 to $55,000 in first 9 months.
meta	experience	*   Heavy in-servicing of products, application and appropriate patient placement of wound care products within all
meta	experience	market segments.
meta	experience	*   Pioneer DME distributor relationships.
meta	experience	*   Conduct educationally based programs outlining clinical benefits to nursing and physician staff.
meta	experience	*   Keen understanding on selling to the physician and care providers, as well as conducting formal presentations to large customer groups.
meta	experience	Buying Group Specialist / Territory Manager
meta	experience	SHAW INDUSTRIES
meta	experience	March 2011 to April 2012
meta	experience	Managed 43 accounts responsible for four divisions, of which are builder, contract, residential and hard surface with categories to include carpet, commercial and area rugs (9 categories).
meta	experience	* Territory encompassed the greater bay area, northern California corridors, as well as corridors throughout Livermore and Benicia; serviced accounts and grew sales responsible for "franchise stores" that have special program incentives.
meta	experience	Drove sales and lines of incentives. Possessed detailed and thorough knowledge on all corporate negotiated
meta	experience	programs.
meta	experience	* Awarded with the D-4 Coach's Cup acknowledged for excellence, pride, competitiveness motivation and growth.
meta	experience	(April 2011)   * Awarded Buying Group Territory Manager of the Year in hard surfaces for growth and sales. (December 2011)
meta	experience	Key responsibilities throughout all roles:
meta	experience	* Managed and serviced up to 150 accounts representing all selling divisions. Targeted new business opportunities,
meta	experience	maintained and increased profitability and market share throughout geographical area. Provided wealth of knowledge in design, performance, service and quality. Also acted as a technical resource.
meta	experience	* Cold-called daily; developed working rapport with customers based on knowledge, trust, service, and integrity;
meta	experience	provided product presentations; worked with qualified customers / accounts to determine product needs. Secured
meta	experience	opportunities to deliver customers with quotes; provided follow up on deliveries, orders and expedite or problem
meta	experience	solve.
meta	experience	* Accomplished business growth through the implementation of major marketing programs.
meta	experience	* Prospected to develop new accounts and surmise territory potential through awareness.
meta	experience	*     Prepared reports of business transactions and sales reports, which illustrated sales volume and sales goals, as well as regular call reports regarding quotes, orders, problem resolution and forecast goals.
meta	experience	*     Interfaced with a diverse group of people, including flooring retailers, dealers, interior designers, contractors and installers.
meta	experience	*     Provided extensive training to upcoming sales representatives and field hires. Grew and established territory and pave the way for other Sales Territory Managers.
meta	experience	Territory Manager
meta	experience	SHAW INDUSTRIES
meta	experience	June 2007 to April 2012
meta	experience	Assigned to greater account management responsibilities and increased territory due to proven success.
meta	experience	Territory Sales Manager
meta	experience	SHAW INDUSTRIES
meta	experience	July 2009 to March 2011
meta	experience	Managed two territories responsible for  880 Corridor and 680 Corridor which encompassed Santa Rosa, to Livermore and Dublin, Richmond to Salinas, including 150 businesses with multiple locations.
meta	experience	Territory Sales Manager
meta	experience	SHAW INDUSTRIES
meta	experience	July 2008 to July 2009
meta	experience	Increased travel territory responsible for Sacramento and Nevada; managed up to 150 accounts.
meta	experience	* Organized and planned mini markets (Sacramento and Nevada territories).
meta	experience	Territory Manager
meta	experience	SHAW INDUSTRIES
meta	experience	January 2008 to July 2008
meta	experience	Responsible for San Gabriel Valley and South Central managing up to 150 accounts.
meta	experience	Territory Sales Manager Training
meta	experience	SHAW INDUSTRIES
meta	experience	June 2007 to December 2007
meta	experience	Attended six month training program to become a Territory Sales Manager.
