content	education	Bachelor of Arts in Law and Society
content	education	University of California at Santa Barbara Santa Barbara, CA
content	education	1995
meta	experience	Territory Sales Manager
meta	experience	Mosaic Sales Solutions
meta	experience	2018 to Present
meta	experience	• Performed sales and marketing support functions for 48 National Retail locations in CT, RI and MA.
meta	experience	• Supported Google, Nest, Pixel, and Pixelbook sales at Best Buy, The Home Depot, Lowe's, Target and Costco.
meta	experience	• Consistently met key performance indicators at 100%.
meta	experience	CEO and Marketing Operations
meta	experience	Forward Services Interactive LLC, Virtual Office
meta	experience	2009 to Present
meta	experience	• Acquired a network of 25+ affiliates  and engaged in Social Media, Search Engine, Email, PPC and other forms of internet marketing.
meta	experience	• Conducted marketing functions for companies such as Appen Butler Hill, North American Power, and Tempo Wireless.
meta	experience	• Implemented a consistent weekly routine that included weightlifting, Kenpo, Karate, Judo, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and boxing.
meta	experience	Outside Sales Representative
meta	experience	Netpique, Hartford Territory, CT
meta	experience	2008 to 2008
meta	experience	- 2008
meta	experience	• Engaged in contract-based Business to Business Office Depot product sales to small businesses and the Education segments.
meta	experience	• Achieved daily sales targets consistently at 100% or greater by using D2D canvassing techniques.
meta	experience	• Account Management for a territory of existing clients consisting of 200 K-12 schools.
meta	experience	Senior Indirect Account Manager
meta	experience	Sprint-Nextel Corporation - Boston, MA
meta	experience	2000 to 2006
meta	experience	• Aligned 10 to 15 multi-unit, multi-channel Agent/Partner organizations with company goals, objectives, and metrics.
meta	experience	• Relationship management, communication management, and conflict resolution.
meta	experience	• Acted as a small business consultant for improved profitability and performance.
meta	experience	• Achieved balanced sales performance of 125% to sales targets.
meta	experience	CORE Store Manager
meta	experience	Cellular One - Monterey, CA
meta	experience	1996 to 2000
meta	experience	• Responsible for store sales, marketing, finances, customer service and operations.
meta	experience	• Managed a team consisting of a CORE Sales Lead and CORE Sales Associates.
meta	experience	• Grand opened the Palo Alto, CA location and participated in marketing outreach programs.
meta	experience	• Achieved balanced sales performance of 132% to sales targets.
meta	experience	Retail Sales Manager
meta	experience	TSR Wireless - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	1995 to 1996
meta	experience	• Responsible for store sales and operations.  Managed a monthly marketing budget to increase customer traffic.
meta	experience	• Achieved month over month pager sales growth trend consistently during tenure.
meta	experience	• Performed at over 100% to retail sales targets.
