content	education	Associate's in multimedia
content	education	Springfield Technical Community College
meta	experience	USED CAR SALES REP
meta	experience	US AUTO SALES
meta	experience	May 2005 to March 2011
meta	experience	LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga
meta	experience	sell cars and trucks by appointment and to walk-in prospects and work to continue repeat business with previous customers. They show vehicles, demonstrate features and close sales.
meta	experience	Mortgage Loan Officer
meta	experience	Money Wise Solutions LLC
meta	experience	March 2003 to February 2005
meta	experience	WEST SPRINGFIELD, MA
meta	experience	Take thorough and complete loan applications; analyze and prequalify applicant information to determine viability of the client's desired loan program. Pull credit, analyze credit, and compare for
meta	experience	accuracy with the mortgage borrower's statements. Correct inaccuracies and determine the correct loan
meta	experience	options for the borrower based upon the applicant's present situation, future plans, and preferred loan
meta	experience	product. Provide guidance and information relevant to the risks and benefits of each program the applicant is qualified for; effectively explain and communicate the terms of each product and ensure all
meta	experience	documents necessary are signed by the borrower. Gather all initial documentation required based upon the applicant's selected loan program and the 1003 including all disclosure requirements. Provide the
meta	experience	loan package to the loan processor for review, stacking, and pre-submission audit. Work with the loan
meta	experience	processor to provide any letters of explanation, or additional documentation as necessary and required by underwriting to clear all conditions and close each loan. Maintain a working file for the office as required for compliance. A net loan officer will likely either work from home or in the field.
meta	experience	Account Executive
meta	experience	Republican Newspaper
meta	experience	January 2002 to February 2003
meta	experience	Springfield, Ma
meta	experience	Sell or solicit advertising, including graphic art, advertising space in publications.
