content	education	The Real Estate School Tallahassee, FL
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	AmeriPride - Huntsville, AL
meta	experience	2017 to Present
meta	experience	* Generated 98% of sales through new clients.
meta	experience	* Closed ~75% of leads.
meta	experience	* Earned 10 commendations for exceptional sales performance.
meta	experience	* Developed and maintained networking relationships for new business
meta	experience	and referral sources through community involvement.
meta	experience	* Handled leasing, rental, and sales of assortment of textile products and services.
meta	experience	Account Representative
meta	experience	RJ Young Company - Huntsville, AL
meta	experience	2016 to 2017
meta	experience	* Achieved top 10 ranking in sales for region.
meta	experience	* Built and managed sales pipeline that converted ~75% of prospects.
meta	experience	* Renewed and upsold ~80% of current customers.
meta	experience	* Oversaw sales forecasting, goal setting, and performance reporting for all accounts in my territory.
meta	experience	* Discovered 20% of prospects through networking.
meta	experience	* Designed competitive comparison tables of equipment, solutions and service pricing, fees, ratings, and product performance to use for
meta	experience	account sales calls.
meta	experience	* Negotiated prices, terms of sale, and service agreements.
meta	experience	Moving Consultant - Coleman Worldwide
meta	experience	 - Huntsville, AL
meta	experience	2000 to 2016
meta	experience	Developed leads to maximize sales opportunities. Consulted with potential
meta	experience	customers and businesses.
meta	experience	Buyers Specialist - Matt Curtis Real Estate, Inc.   Madison,
meta	experience	AL
meta	experience	Assisted clients with property sales and development. Instructed clients on best practices for selling success.
meta	experience	Design Consultant - Alabama Custom Flooring & Design, LLC
meta	experience	Athens, AL
meta	experience	Sold company products and services after establishing relationships and evaluating customers' needs. Provided stylish design solutions.
meta	experience	Realtor - Weichert Realtors   Huntsville, AL
meta	experience	Generated leads for real estate firm through cold calling, door to door
meta	experience	visits, networking, bulk mailings, and referrals. Marketed and promoted
meta	experience	properties.
meta	experience	Realtor and Property Manager - Independent Real Estate
meta	experience	Professional   Apalachicola, FL
meta	experience	Prospected for and sold residential properties to new customers.
meta	experience	Manager - Coastal Building Supply   Eastpoint, FL
meta	experience	Oversaw all financial and administrative functions for organization.
