content	education	Business Management
content	education	Holyoke Community College
meta	experience	Assistant Service Manager
meta	experience	Balise Motor Sales Company - West Springfield, MA
meta	experience	October 2014 to October 2018
meta	experience	Assist customers in person, on the phone or on-line with their vehicle's service needs. 
meta	experience	Act as a liaison between the customer and the technician.  
meta	experience	Make detailed  sales presentations based on customer concerns and vehicle needs to best help the customer while providing exceptional customer service.
meta	experience	Be an available resource for other departments with in my store and others.
meta	experience	Maintain compliance by completing regular training courses on-line and in person by the manufacturer and by Balise.
meta	experience	Mortgage Consultant
meta	experience	HUD Certified Housing - Springfield, MA
meta	experience	January 2012 to January 2013
meta	experience	consultant
meta	experience	• Assist prospective buyers and household members in preparing for home ownership from the beginning to the end of mortgage process
meta	experience	•  Provide comprehensive one-on-one counseling by assisting with budgeting, banking, debt counseling and credit resolution
meta	experience	• Teach homebuyer and home-save workshops on a regular basis
meta	experience	• Be active in advocacy campaigns concerning NACA's mission for economic justice
meta	experience	• Outreach to promote the company and to drive in business traffic
meta	experience	Customer Sales & Service Manager
meta	experience	Hampden Bank - Springfield, MA
meta	experience	November 2009 to February 2011
meta	experience	Lead the branch in setting and obtaining sales goals quarterly
meta	experience	• Provide weekly coaching plans for individuals and for branch staff on a weekly or bi-weekly basis.
meta	experience	• Oversee the customer service standards of teller line and desk staff to ensure the proper treatment of customers and to retain customer base and present referral opportunities
meta	experience	• Developed the basis for "Project 7", a forecasting project designed to develop projects that would assist in keeping the company ahead of competition and profitable.
meta	experience	• Keep branch involved in community activity including block parties, charitable donations, local networking opportunities and highlighting local small business
meta	experience	• Assist in evaluating talent in existing staff for promotions as well as potential hires for the branch
meta	experience	• Perform general management duties as listed below
meta	experience	Assistant Branch Manager III
meta	experience	TD Banknorth - Amherst, MA
meta	experience	May 2008 to October 2009
meta	experience	Oversea the daily operations of the branch.
meta	experience	• Develop and assist with implementing quarterly sales plan and reporting branch totals weekly or as needed.
meta	experience	• Coach branch staff to perform to expectations for sales and service.
meta	experience	• Assist Branch Manager in performance evaluations and development plans.
meta	experience	• All other duties listed below.
meta	experience	Banker II/Customer Service Representative/Acting Assistant Manager
meta	experience	Citizens Bank - Ludlow, MA
meta	experience	November 2003 to April 2008
meta	experience	Assist Branch Manager in making sales goals and all other task.
meta	experience	• Develop and assist with implementing quarterly sales plan and reporting branch totals weekly or as needed.
meta	experience	• Originate loan applications and conduct closings for Personal, Savings Secured and Home Equity loans and Lines of Credit.
meta	experience	• Build strong customer and community relationships. Resolve customer issues and complaints.
meta	experience	• Initiate, create and coordinate branch sales campaigns and team activities for proactive sales outreach.
meta	experience	• Manage branch marketing and advertisements.
meta	experience	• Travel/site visits to existing and new business customers/prospects with Business Officer.
meta	experience	• Refer customers to internal partners such as Business Officers, Relationship Managers, Mortgage Officers, Financial Advisors, etc.
meta	experience	• Certified Branch Business Banker, Member of ExSell Leaders Club, and Top Banker in Region on multiple occasions.
meta	experience	Quality Assurance Representative
meta	experience	First Notice Systems - Springfield, MA
meta	experience	June 1999 to November 2003
meta	experience	Monitor all call center representatives calls and faxes.
meta	experience	• Conducted monthly audits of monitor logs.
meta	experience	• Test product knowledge and administer assurance programs weekly and monthly.
meta	experience	• Created and coordinated programs to improve overall efficiency.
meta	experience	• Assist in training of newly hired employees.
meta	experience	VOLUNTEER / COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT / ACTIVITIES
meta	experience	• Former Board Member of Young Professionals of Springfield (Y.P.S.)
meta	experience	• Former Board Member of Community Survival Center
meta	experience	• Volunteered in the Relay for Life fund raising events
meta	experience	• Participant in Loaves and Fishes food pantry
meta	experience	• Springfield Schools Volunteer
