content	education	Manchester Community College Manchester, CT
content	education	Westfield State University Westfield, MA
content	education	2011 to 2012
content	education	Granby Memorial High School
content	education	2011
meta	experience	Office Manager
meta	experience	Checkered Flag Auto Sales LLC - Tariffville, CT
meta	experience	July 2018 to Present
meta	experience	Schedule service appointments, answer and direct phone calls, help with car sales and documentation, run errands, keep office organized
meta	experience	Data Entry Clerk
meta	experience	Hartford Springfield Auction Co-op - East Granby, CT
meta	experience	December 2015 to Present
meta	experience	Assistant Manager
meta	experience	Dunkin Donuts - Simsbury, CT
meta	experience	May 2016 to August 2018
meta	experience	Manage employees, handle cash, bank deposits and paperwork/inventory.
meta	experience	Customer Service Associate
meta	experience	Cumberland Farms - Granby, CT
meta	experience	May 2014 to November 2015
meta	experience	Provided world class customer service to all patrons.  Responsible for all cash transactions and store cleanliness.
meta	experience	Crew Member/Shift Leader/Management
meta	experience	Dunkin Donuts - East Granby, CT
meta	experience	March 2014 to January 2015
meta	experience	Promoted from Crew Member to Shift Leader in May 2014
meta	experience	Preparing beverages and foods for customers and learning about management to further my expereince. Responsibilities include watching over other employess to make sure duties and processes run smoothly and efficiently. Occasionally filing inventory and management paperwork daily to ensure all data is correct. Handling money and ensuring each customer is satisfied with the service provided.
meta	experience	Assisting other employees
meta	experience	Sir Speedy Printing and Marketing Services - Bloomfield, CT
meta	experience	November 2013 to December 2013
meta	experience	Bloomfield, CT                           November 25, 2013-December 31, 2013
meta	experience	Document Prepper
meta	experience	Assisting other employees to finish projects such as binding, taping, folding  and copying for incoming projects. Work including sending mail to companies and working with others to finish a job due within several days to several weeks. Dropping certain duties to complete immediate work jobs.
meta	experience	Data Correlation Associate
meta	experience	Staffmark Staffing
meta	experience	May 2013 to August 2013
meta	experience	Assessed information viability utilizing financial processes and approved bank mechanisms. Responsible for safe guarding sensitive financial information during data entry and other processes.  Cross functionally liaised with various departments in order to complete assignments.  Generated basic reports utilizing Microsoft Office.
