content	education	BA in Political Science
content	education	Delaware State University
meta	experience	Sales Professional
meta	experience	Littman's Jewelers - Dover, DE
meta	experience	2017 to Present
meta	experience	Commissioned Sales
meta	experience	Inventory
meta	experience	Stock balance
meta	experience	Operations Manager
meta	experience	JC Penney
meta	experience	2012 to 2017
meta	experience	- Chosen as an honorable mention "Top Market Performer" for Look and Feel in our market
meta	experience	- Chosen as "Top Performer" in our district in look and feel.
meta	experience	- Assisted store in exceeding Customer Experience by maintaining the highest look and feel and meeting productivity expectations.
meta	experience	- Coached and developed a team on the importance of core standards and its affect on customer service.
meta	experience	- Executed compelling and inviting floor sets throughout the store
meta	experience	- Maintained the highest look and feel in the districts two years in a row. Far exceeding company, region and district.
meta	experience	- Exceeded company goal for our inventory results.
meta	experience	- Assisted other store with visual and core standards.
meta	experience	- Exceeded company UPH goal by successfully following the door to floor process and holding team members accountable.
meta	experience	-   In charge of visual, restock, operations, pricing and signing, cleaning crew, Hazmat, loss       prevention, .com, enterprise fulfillment, recovery, ordering supplies, customer experience from a merchandising perspective and coaching and developing a team.
meta	experience	Setup tech equipment
meta	experience	Francesca's Collections
meta	experience	2010 to 2012
meta	experience	Check in inventory, partner with supplies and visual department concerning any missing supplies.
meta	experience	- Walk punch list and partner with project director and general contractor to finish any outstanding issues.
meta	experience	- Completed final walkthrough with building inspector to obtain COO.
meta	experience	- Hand-off to Boutique Manager and Regional Manager
meta	experience	- Send completion forms to corporate along with pictures of completed locations.
meta	experience	- Submit expense reports in a timely manner.
meta	experience	- Partner closing with corporate.
meta	experience	- Created a Boutique Service Guide focused on customer service.
meta	experience	- Travel to other stores assisting with training, visuals and recruiting.
meta	experience	-Saved thousand of dollars for the company during a store opening.
meta	experience	Store Manager
meta	experience	Maxrave/BCBG - Newark, DE
meta	experience	2008 to 2010
meta	experience	- Assisted throughout the district with store coverage, organization, and merchandising.
meta	experience	- Trained new store managers throughout our district (extensive traveling).
meta	experience	- Ensured we were on track as a team to achieve company/store goals and mission.
meta	experience	- Decreased inventory shrinkage from double digits to single digit exceeding company goal.
meta	experience	Visual Merchandising Manager
meta	experience	Banana Republic - Newark, DE
meta	experience	2004 to 2008
meta	experience	- Supervised stock team and visual team.
meta	experience	- Achieved and exceeded UPH (units per hour) goal while processing shipment.
meta	experience	- Coached and developed team on a daily basis.
meta	experience	- Increased our men's business by more than 7%.
meta	experience	- Increased standard awareness and expectations.
meta	experience	- Tracked and merchandised sell through weekly by maintaining and updating my reports.
meta	experience	- Assisted stores within our district with corporate visits and major rollouts.
meta	experience	- Participated in new store openings.
meta	experience	- Received high marks on our customer experience surveys for presentation and replenishment on a monthly basis.
meta	experience	- Won holiday visual district contest chosen by DM and VMM (district consisted of 16 stores two of them flagship stores Walnut Street and King of Prussia).
meta	experience	- Number one in the company scoring 92% on our CES for merchandising in March 2007.
meta	experience	- Built props/paint/wallpaper if called for in floor set.
meta	experience	- Won over all set up and organization of stockroom and props in the district revamp stockroom contest.
meta	experience	Instructor
meta	experience	Barbizon School and Modeling Agency - Wilmington, DE
meta	experience	February 1997 to April 2003
meta	experience	- Taught major modeling curriculum which consist of wardrobe planning, public speaking, skin care, career and social savvy, modeling.
meta	experience	- Assisted other instructors when needed.
meta	experience	- Assisted professional photographer during class photo shoots.
meta	experience	- Assisted with professional graduation show.
