content	education	Business Management
content	education	Delaware Technical Community College Dover, DE
content	education	January 2018 to Present
meta	experience	Sales Associate
meta	experience	PANDORA JEWELRY - Dover, DE
meta	experience	April 2018 to Present
meta	experience	• Meeting and exceeding company sales goals by utilizing sales techniques and communicating product knowledge to the customer effectively.
meta	experience	• Recommend merchandise selections based on customers' specific needs and desires.
meta	experience	• Educate customers on important product information such as proper Pandora jewelry care and the special meanings of the various pieces.
meta	experience	• Performing various sales and register transactions using POS system on tablets and other computerized equipment.
meta	experience	• Maintaining standards in merchandise handling, presentation, loss prevention, and all other duties as directed by management.
meta	experience	• Maintaining knowledge of current sales and promotions; maintaining pricing and marketing standards.
meta	experience	• Following all company policies and procedures
meta	experience	• Top performer in store for customer credit card conversion.
meta	experience	Resident Care Partner
meta	experience	Enlivant - Dover, DE
meta	experience	April 2018 to October 2018
meta	experience	• Provide quality resident care as indicated on the care plan according to specific needs of each individual.
meta	experience	• Promote residents independence and assist in rehabilitation.
meta	experience	• Participate in community's Life Enrichment Activities, events and outings, while encouraging residents to attend.
meta	experience	• Provide assistance with housekeeping, laundry, dressing and any other tasks that resident may need assistance with.
meta	experience	• Provide a positive environment and emotional nourishment for residents in care.
meta	experience	Customer Service Associate
meta	experience	LOWE'S - Dover, DE
meta	experience	January 2017 to April 2018
meta	experience	• Responding to customer inquiries and requests.
meta	experience	• Providing support throughout their shopping experience including promoting customer loyalty plans
meta	experience	and/or extended protection/replacement plans.
meta	experience	• Processing sales and returns using a cash register.
meta	experience	• Built strong relationships with customers within the community to increase likelihood of repeat
meta	experience	business.
meta	experience	Signal Support Systems Specialist
meta	experience	U.S ARMY - Augusta, GA
meta	experience	February 2016 to October 2016
meta	experience	Installation, operation and maintenance of all signal support systems to include local area and wide
meta	experience	area networks and routers.
meta	experience	• Network integration using radio, wire, satellite and battlefield automated systems.
meta	experience	• Distribution and troubleshooting of information systems and devices valued at $650,000
meta	experience	Sales Advisor
meta	experience	BANANA REPUBLIC - New York - New York, NY
meta	experience	January 2015 to February 2016
meta	experience	Coordinated with customers by asking open-ended questions to identify requirements and make
meta	experience	relevant merchandise suggestions.
meta	experience	• Communicated offers to customers such as daily promotions and Banana Republic Store Card to influence buying decisions and loyalty.
meta	experience	• Performed the tasks of assisting customers in finding items that fit their specific needs or substitutions for out-of-stock products.
meta	experience	• Worked closely with store management to set up marketing displays and set the store up for holidays
meta	experience	and special events.
meta	experience	• Replenishment, garment care and a solid knowledge of all departments and product.
