content	education	Business Management Camden County College
content	education	2005 to 2007
meta	experience	Sales Manager
meta	experience	November 2017 to Present
meta	experience	November 2017 - Present
meta	experience	• Generating qualified leads for the organization and passing to business development team.
meta	experience	• Identifying opportunities for up-selling within existing customers.
meta	experience	• Updating the CRM on a daily basis ensuring it's up to date and relevant.
meta	experience	• Generating high quality appointments for the senior sales team.
meta	experience	• Leading and coaching a team of inside sales executives.
meta	experience	• improving procedures within the inside sales team.
meta	experience	• All aspects of management for the inside sales team, ensuring KPI's performance against targets.
meta	experience	• Holding regular pipeline review meetings with the team.
meta	experience	• Working on scripts with the team, making ongoing amendments as necessary.
meta	experience	• Identifying target contacts within potential customers.
meta	experience	VP of Sales and Business Development
meta	experience	Titan Enterprises - Tinton Falls, NJ
meta	experience	July 2015 to November 2017
meta	experience	Develop plans and strategies for developing business and achieving sales goals of $31million
meta	experience	annually (People Soft Software Sales.)
meta	experience	•       Create a culture of success and ongoing business and goal achievement
meta	experience	•       Manage the sales teams, operations and resources to deliver profitable growth
meta	experience	•       Manage the use of budgets
meta	experience	•       Define optimal sales force structure
meta	experience	•       Hire and develop sales staff
meta	experience	•       Define and oversee sales staff compensation and incentive programs that motivate the sales team to achieve their sales targets
meta	experience	•       Define and coordinate sales training programs that enable staff to achieve their potential and support company sales objectives
meta	experience	•       Manage customer expectations and contribute to a high level of customer satisfaction
meta	experience	•       Define sales processes that drive desired sales outcomes and identify improvements where and when required
meta	experience	•       Provide detailed and accurate sales forecasting
meta	experience	•       Compile information and data related to customer and prospect interactions
meta	experience	•       Monitor customer, market and competitor activity and provide feedback to company leadership
meta	experience	team and other company functions
meta	experience	•       Work closely with the marketing function to establish successful support, channel and partner
meta	experience	programs
meta	experience	•       Manage key customer relationships and participate in closing strategic opportunities
meta	experience	•       Travel for in-person meetings with customers and partners and to develop key relationships
meta	experience	Director of Sales and Operations
meta	experience	OASIS CLEANING COMPANY - Cherry Hill, NJ
meta	experience	January 2010 to June 2015
meta	experience	Works to ensure all sales organization objectives are assigned in a timely fashion. • Proactively
meta	experience	identifies opportunities for sales process improvement.
meta	experience	•      Works closely with sales management to inspect sales process quality and prioritize opportunities for improvement.
meta	experience	•       Assists sales management in understanding process bottlenecks and inconsistencies. Facilitates an organization of continuous process improvement.
meta	experience	•      Monitors the accuracy and efficient distribution of sales reports and other intelligence essential to the sales organization.
meta	experience	•      Recommends revisions to existing reports, or assists in the development of new reporting tools as needed.
meta	experience	•      Implements enabling technologies, including CRM, to field sales teams.
meta	experience	•      Monitors the assigned sales organization's compliance with required standards for maintaining
meta	experience	CRM data.
meta	experience	•      Coordinates training delivery to sales, sales management, and sales support personnel in the sales
meta	experience	organization supported.
meta	experience	•      Provide input to senior leadership in the development and administration of sales incentive
meta	experience	compensation programs. Coordinates sales forecasting, planning, and budgeting processes used within the sales organization.
meta	experience	•      Proactively monitors and strives to maintain high levels of quality, accuracy, and process
meta	experience	consistency in the sales organization's planning efforts.
meta	experience	•       Supports the equitable assignment of sales force quotas and ensures quotas are optimally
meta	experience	allocated to all sales channels and resources.
meta	experience	•       Work with Accounting, Finance, and Human Resources, provides assistance with sales incentive
meta	experience	compensation administration on an as-needed basis, or when required to arbitrate or clarify the application of sales compensation program policies and procedures.
meta	experience	•       Directs and supports the consistent implementation of company initiatives.
meta	experience	Business to Business Sales Manager
meta	experience	ECO BUSINESS SOLUTIONS - Neptune City, NJ
meta	experience	November 2007 to December 2010
meta	experience	•       IT Copier Sales
meta	experience	•       Composition of business proposals for potential and existing clients.
meta	experience	•       Managed team of 7 B2B reps.
meta	experience	•       Meet sales targets for objectives in assigned accounts.
meta	experience	•       Develop strategic solution proposals and recommendation to present directly to clients
meta	experience	•       Assess client needs to ensure client happiness.
meta	experience	•       Remain as point of contact for customer service and up-selling of additional products and services.
meta	experience	•       Participate in contract negotiations
meta	experience	•       Conduct ride along days with reps to ensure proficiency and productivity.
meta	experience	•       Conduct bi-weekly sales meeting.
meta	experience	•       Provide proper training and development for B2B reps.
meta	experience	•I      dentify and develop C-level executive relationships with newly identified customers and within assigned account portfolio.
