content	education	Associate of Applied Science in Process Operator Technology
content	education	Salem Community College
content	education	August 2018
content	education	Certificate
content	education	Delaware Technical Community College New Castle, DE
content	education	May 2012
meta	experience	Sales Associate
meta	experience	Union Park BMW - Wilmington, DE
meta	experience	September 2018 to Present
meta	experience	• Maintained strong and extensive knowledge of all vehicle features, makes, and models and inventory in order to consistently provide the best customer service.
meta	experience	• Presented vehicle prices, interest, and payment numbers to customers; communicated with sales managers and finance managers in order to close deals and maintain loyal customer base.
meta	experience	• Followed up on all sales leads from a variety of sources in efforts to bring in customers.
meta	experience	• Mentored new sales associates to contribute to the store's positive culture.
meta	experience	• Attended training sessions that developed negotiation techniques that were utilized to increase closing sales ratio and to overcome objectives.
meta	experience	• Utilized CRM database as a selling instrument to complete open deals and find sales opportunities.
meta	experience	Sales Associate
meta	experience	Kay Jewelers
meta	experience	February 2018 to Present
meta	experience	• Directed individuals to merchandise locations.
meta	experience	• Suggested accessories and complementary purchases.
meta	experience	• Accepted and processed returns.
meta	experience	• Maintained adherence to all company protocols.
meta	experience	Sales Floor Associate
meta	experience	Ashley Homestore
meta	experience	September 2017 to February 2018
meta	experience	• Wrote sales slips and sales contracts.
meta	experience	• Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
meta	experience	• Recommended merchandise to customers based on their needs and preferences.
meta	experience	• Engaged with customers in a sincere and friendly manner.
meta	experience	Internet Sales Coordinator
meta	experience	Matt Slap Subaru - Newark, DE
meta	experience	July 2016 to January 2017
meta	experience	• Coordinating the sales team by managing schedules.
meta	experience	• Help direct customer traffic for online sales and marketing.
meta	experience	• Utilized CRM database as a selling instrument to complete open deals and find sales opportunities.
meta	experience	• Attended training sessions that developed negotiation techniques that were utilized to increase closing sales ratio and to overcome objectives.
meta	experience	Assistant Manager/Sales Associate
meta	experience	Carman Fiat - New Castle, DE
meta	experience	April 2013 to July 2015
meta	experience	• Maintained strong and extensive knowledge of all vehicle features, makes, and models and inventory in order to consistently provide the best customer service.
meta	experience	• Presented vehicle prices, interest, and payment numbers to customers; communicated with sales managers and finance managers in order to close deals and maintain loyal customer base.
meta	experience	• Followed up on all sales leads from a variety of sources in efforts to bring in customers.
meta	experience	• Mentored new sales associates to contribute to the store's positive culture.
meta	experience	• Attended training sessions that developed negotiation techniques that were utilized to increase closing sales ratio and to overcome objectives.
meta	experience	• Utilized CRM database as a selling instrument to complete open deals and find sales opportunities.
meta	experience	General Laborer
meta	experience	Grout Lines USA LLC - Middletown, DE
meta	experience	November 2011 to April 2013
meta	experience	• Prepared and cleaned construction sites by removing debris.
meta	experience	• Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.
meta	experience	• Applied caulk, sealants and other agents to installed surfaces.
meta	experience	• Completed teardown of existing structures and prepared for new construction.
meta	experience	• Consistently assumed additional responsibilities and worked extended hours to meet project deadlines.
meta	experience	Cashier/Stocker
meta	experience	Grout Lines USA LLC - Middletown, DE
meta	experience	January 2012 to July 2012
meta	experience	• Welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items.
meta	experience	• Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions.
meta	experience	• Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.
meta	experience	• Priced merchandise, stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies.
meta	experience	• Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.
meta	experience	• Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.
meta	experience	• Identified potential shoplifters and alerted management.
meta	experience	• Handled all customer relation's issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.
meta	experience	Delivery Driver
meta	experience	Nino's Pizza - Middletown, DE
meta	experience	May 2011 to August 2011
meta	experience	Loaded food and delivered to destination ins a safe and productive manner
