content	education	High School Diploma
meta	experience	Retail Sales Associate
meta	experience	Sparkle Pools Inc. - Denton, MD
meta	experience	May 2018 to Present
meta	experience	Help all customers with sales, questions, problems, pool and spa water tests and chemical supplies. Answer phones and schedule appointments. Clean and maintain store.
meta	experience	Assistant
meta	experience	Self Employed - Baltimore, MD
meta	experience	December 2007 to Present
meta	experience	I currently help my spouse with his bread delivery business. Bread ordering, delivery, and merchandising. Weekly bookkeeping and payroll
meta	experience	Accounts Payable Specialist
meta	experience	Creative Touch Interiors - Landover, MD
meta	experience	July 2002 to December 2007
meta	experience	Review and verify invoices and check requests. Sort and match invoices, enter and upload invoices into system. Set up invoices for payment, prepare and process electronic transfers and payments. Prepare and perform check runs. Monitor accounts to ensure payments are up to date. Research and resolve invoice discrepancies and issues. Maintain vendor files, correspond with vendors and respond to inquiries.
meta	experience	Accounts Payable Associate
meta	experience	CREATIVE TOUCH INTERIORS - Landover, MD
meta	experience	July 2002 to December 2007
meta	experience	I have developed strong communication and people skills. I have several years of excellent training in accounting.
meta	experience	Accounting Clerk II
meta	experience	University of Maryland - College Park, MD
meta	experience	June 1999 to June 2002
meta	experience	Performed moderately complex accounting and bookkeeping tasks to support accounts payable/receivable, payroll, timekeeping, and auditing. Post journal entries, process payments and verify accuracy of data for budget documents, financial statements and other reports. Input data, records and verified details of financial transactions in journals, ledgers and automated systems. Review financial documents such as invoices, vouchers, receipts, requisitions, time sheets and reports, ensuring accuracy of mathmatical computations and completeness. In charge of reviewing all fellowship student applications for Fellowship Committee. Review all fellowship student accounts, and post proper stipend amounts to students on set dates and all tuition remission forms to student accounts.
