content	education	Bachelor of Science degree in Communications
content	education	Indiana University of Pennsylvania
content	education	August 2009
meta	experience	Sales Manager
meta	experience	Mattress Firm
meta	experience	August 2018 to Present
meta	experience	Completed daily store operating procedures including inventory management, store
meta	experience	transfers, and setting current promotions
meta	experience	● Recommended and fitted guests for relevant products to fit their need in commission
meta	experience	based sales environment
meta	experience	● Provided guests with various financing options including credit card application and lease-to-own
meta	experience	Freelance Software Design and Media Services
meta	experience	2006 to Present
meta	experience	Video production and editing services.
meta	experience	● Media Conversion and authoring services.
meta	experience	● Computer software and networking support for local clients.
meta	experience	● Video game, mobile app. and software creation for various platforms including Android
meta	experience	and Windows.
meta	experience	Tech and Mobility Sales Supervisor
meta	experience	Staples of Rehoboth Beach - Rehoboth Beach, DE
meta	experience	May 2017 to August 2018
meta	experience	Modeled and developed proper selling behavior for sales associates
meta	experience	● Responsible for driving sales of electronic products, services, and extended warranties
meta	experience	● Maintained customer satisfaction by resolving concerns and requests
meta	experience	Certified Computer Technician and Sales Associate Staples
meta	experience	Staples of Rehoboth Beach - Rehoboth Beach, DE
meta	experience	June 2013 to May 2017
meta	experience	Engaged with and assisted customers on sales floor
meta	experience	● Recommended appropriate products and services to meet the customers needs
meta	experience	● Installed and upgraded computer hardware and software.
meta	experience	● Resolved computer and networking issues in store, homes, or local businesses.
meta	experience	Therapeutic Support Staff
meta	experience	Behavioral Advancements of DuBois - DuBois, PA
meta	experience	October 2009 to 2013
meta	experience	Provided in school, home, and community environments with children and teens with learning, social disabilities, or on the Autism Spectrum.
meta	experience	● Carried out Behavior plans including; data tracking, reinforcements, social interactions,
meta	experience	and various coping skills.
meta	experience	● Worked with parents and support staff to develop positive social and developmental
meta	experience	skills.
