content	education	Chaska High School Chaska, MN
meta	experience	Sales Leader/Manager
meta	experience	Pier 1 Imports - Dover, DE
meta	experience	September 2014 to Present
meta	experience	Have built positive, high energy work environment. Resolve complaints promptly and professionally. Motivate sales associates to meet and exceed sales goals. Train new and current associates about existing and newly implemented policies and promotions. Ensure that all customers receive excellent service through direct salesmanship. Welcome every single customer while they walk into the store with a smile. Identify what brought the customers into the store. Organize merchandise on sales floor and created visual concepts according to current and future stock.
meta	experience	Dog Daycare Attendant
meta	experience	The Doggie Playhouse, LLC - Newark, DE
meta	experience	March 2017 to January 2018
meta	experience	Ensured dogs are always safe. Attentiveness to animals health and welfare. Assisted in monitoring the dogs when they were allowed exercise and play time. Cleaned and sanitized indoor play area and outdoor areas.
meta	experience	Gave the dogs medication with owner’s and vet instructions. Fed the animals with the owner's specific diet. Bathed and clipped nails of the dogs.
meta	experience	Team member
meta	experience	Target - Chaska, MN
meta	experience	September 2013 to September 2014
meta	experience	Hands-on experience in accepting payments from customers, giving change and receipts. Able to bag and wrap purchases properly. Strong attention to details (paying attention to broken, dirty, damaged goods guests are buying) to ensure that guests are happy and satisfied with their items. Demonstrated ability to assist customers to sign up for store rewards programs and to apply for store gift cards. Proven skill to efficiently solve guest problems/concerns. Can easily communicate with guests while making them feel welcomed.
meta	experience	Crew Member
meta	experience	McDonalds
meta	experience	April 2013 to September 2013
meta	experience	Provided information regarding menu and specials. Look for chance to "up-sell" additional products. Operate cash register and take payments from people in cash or credit card, count cash and provide proper change. Transfer supplies and tools between storage and work areas physically. Ensure correct food handling procedures are followed. Clean and cash workstation and equipment. Resolved complaints promptly and professionally, if needed asked for assistances from managers.
