content	education	Bachelor of Science in biology
content	education	Central Michigan University Mount Pleasant, MI
content	education	December 1978
content	education	Associate of Science
content	education	Delta College University Center, MI
content	education	June 1976
meta	experience	Sales Manager
meta	experience	Ally Financial - Detroit, MI
meta	experience	October 2009 to June 2018
meta	experience	Responsible for developing and increasing remarketing fee revenue.
meta	experience	Worked with and trained used car department managers at new vehicle
meta	experience	franchise dealerships, managers at independent used car dealers,
meta	experience	cosigners, auctions and fleet companies to increase their buying and selling of used vehicles on the SmartAuction internet site. Worked with Ally sales
meta	experience	team members to help them grow their active dealer base and complete
meta	experience	their sales efforts through equipping, training and coaching them to attain
meta	experience	their annual remarketing revenue targets. Conducted training sessions for dealers and sales team members as needed. Won several quarterly "Top
meta	experience	Performer" awards.
meta	experience	Dealer Relations Manager
meta	experience	General Motors Acceptance Corporation - Huntsville, AL
meta	experience	January 1998 to September 2009
meta	experience	I trained dealership salesmen, F&I managers and sales managers on how to sell the complete portfolio of GMAC products which included the following:
meta	experience	Retail financing
meta	experience	SmartLease
meta	experience	General Motors Protection Plan (GMPP)
meta	experience	Insurance products
meta	experience	SmartAuction
meta	experience	Wholesale floor plan program
meta	experience	Training sessions were held in dealership conference rooms during morning
meta	experience	sales meetings, off-site class room settings, on the showroom floor and in the salesperson and F&I managers offices. I showed them how to increase
meta	experience	new and used vehicle sales, increase finance penetration and improve their
meta	experience	income potential. I consulted with retail customers on the showroom floor. I
meta	experience	would present to them the "buy vs lease" option or the benefits of buying the General Motors Protection Plan extended service agreement coverage
meta	experience	before they were "turned over" to the F&I manager. I would occasionally
meta	experience	work in the dealership as an F&I manager closing customers on either a retail or lease contract and selling f&I products. I would do an in-depth
meta	experience	Profit Center Analysis at key dealerships where sales and income trends
meta	experience	may have been in decline. I would present to management team the results of my investigation and make recommendations on how they could
meta	experience	increase finance penetration, GMPP sales, insurance product sales and
meta	experience	drive their "Dollars per Retail". If a dealer was not selling a particular GMAC
meta	experience	product, I would meet with management and present them with the features, benefits and income impact of the product. If the dealer made a
meta	experience	commitment to start selling our product, I scheduled training to show the managers or salesmen on how to sell the product and how to properly
meta	experience	complete the paperwork so they could make maximum profits and income.
meta	experience	I scheduled follow-up on an "as needed" basis.
meta	experience	I also had fill-in duties as an Acquisition Analyst, usually on a  weekend or holiday. My job was to review and make decisions on retail and lease
meta	experience	credit applications.
meta	experience	I won several Southeast Regional sales contests and incentives during this
meta	experience	time.
meta	experience	Sales Purchase Branch Manager
meta	experience	General Motors Acceptance Corporation - Tupelo, MS
meta	experience	March 1995 to January 1998
meta	experience	Led a team of GMAC employees servicing GM dealers in Tupelo, MS and the surrounding area. Managed the wholesale inventory and retail portfolios.
meta	experience	Trained my staff on how to give great customer service and how to talk to dealers (via phone or in person) on the dealer benefits of our GMAC
meta	experience	products. I trained dealers on how to sell and maximize profits with GMAC
meta	experience	products.
meta	experience	F&I Sales Consultant
meta	experience	General Motors Acceptance Corporation - Tampa, FL
meta	experience	May 1988 to May 1995
meta	experience	Made regular contacts at GM dealers in the Tampa, Florida territory. Helped
meta	experience	them drive finance contract penetration and gross profits. Conducted sales
meta	experience	meetings. Gave features and benefits presentations on SmartLease,
meta	experience	General Motors Protection Plan, retail financing and F&I services. Certified
meta	experience	member of the Association of F&I Professionals.
