content	education	B.S. Business Management in Business
content	education	Upsala College East Orange, NJ
meta	experience	Retail Sales Merchandiser
meta	experience	Acosta Sales & Marketing - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	June 2012 to Present
meta	experience	sales and merchandising
meta	experience	* maintain client objectives by ensuring secondary placements of product are fully stocked,correctly signed,properly faced, and set to schematics
meta	experience	* shelf standards and conditions:authorization of items to meet client shelf schematic standards.
meta	experience	* meet client and company objectives by maintaining full distribution on existing skus.
meta	experience	* take direction regarding tagging,rotating,and placing POS materials for product on shelf.
meta	experience	* prepare for and respond to audits
meta	experience	* manage time and priortize for store call coverage
meta	experience	* complete accurate and timely paperwork and reports,recaps,itineraries, timesheets,expense reports. etc
meta	experience	Management
meta	experience	Bevmo - Chandler, AZ
meta	experience	Manage day to day operation of Big Box beverage outlet specializing in adult beverages.
meta	experience	Direct and mentor associates for customer satisfaction.
meta	experience	Cash handling duties including deposits and daily record keeping.
meta	experience	Counter sales Agent
meta	experience	Avis/Budget Group - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	February 2013 to August 2014
meta	experience	Responsibilities
meta	experience	Customer service
meta	experience	Opening duties
meta	experience	Ancillary sales
meta	experience	selling optional services,fuel,coverage,upsell
meta	experience	Accomplishments
meta	experience	Awarded for high customer satisfaction and low complaints.
meta	experience	Skills Used
meta	experience	Building rapport.
meta	experience	Needs based selling
meta	experience	Restaurant Manager
meta	experience	Hilton Hotels Worldwide
meta	experience	February 2011 to January 2012
meta	experience	Manage total operation of 350 seat high volume restaurant.
meta	experience	Hire and train staff to adhere to Hilton standards for total guest
meta	experience	satisfaction.
meta	experience	Market special events to target local customer base to compliment hotel
meta	experience	guest business.
meta	experience	Manage the existing guest suite dining revenue center for the 500 suite
meta	experience	resort.
meta	experience	Review P&L monthly to maximize profit and implement cost controls.
meta	experience	Sales/Merchandising Specialist
meta	experience	Coca-Cola Enterprise
meta	experience	2010 to April 2011
meta	experience	Maintain positive relationship with large retailers through service and planning of displays for maximum exposure.
meta	experience	Identify opportunities for ancillary sales with placements of product,
meta	experience	dispensers and machines to maximize floor space and increase revenue.
meta	experience	Train and mentor new hires on the policies and procedures of  company
meta	experience	standards.
meta	experience	Owner/Manager
meta	experience	MY WINE CELLAR - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	1998 to December 2010
meta	experience	Manage the complete operation of
meta	experience	My Wine Cellar - including bar, kitchen and entire staff.  Implement promotion and incentive programs with Distributors and Suppliers to enhance sales.
meta	experience	♦ Conduct strategic planning and develop promotional events by anticipating customer preferences that include special events and giveaways. Offer email notifications regarding specials and happy hours, and create comfortable intimate setting while creating a positive working environment.
meta	experience	♦ Perform personnel hiring and scheduling, conduct wine education training for staff  and customers which include wine tasting events and educational classes.
meta	experience	♦ Implement cash controls, perform bookkeeping and prepare documentation for payroll service in support of 17 employees.
meta	experience	♦ Serve as Bar/Kitchen Manager. Oversee wine and food ordering, vendor management and customer service. Control budgets including food and labor costs, and perform menu development. Book live entertainment and Wine Maker Dinners.
meta	experience	♦ Initiated store start-up in 1998 and oversaw move in 2003 that tripled space for full-service restaurant and wine tasting bar. Created business concept that featured upscale food and wine pairings in "café/restaurant" setting.
meta	experience	♦ Established repeat and loyal customer base, and managed preferred list. Secured incentives from vendors through negotiations to keep customer pricing low.
meta	experience	Sales Marketing
meta	experience	Southern Wine & Spirits - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	1999 to 2002
meta	experience	Sold to On and Off premise wine, spirit and non alcoholic beverage establishments.
meta	experience	♦ Conduct staff training for new items in portfolio
meta	experience	♦ Maintained company standards for product placement and retention.
meta	experience	♦ Generate monthly and weekly tracking numbers to identify opportunities for additional sales.
meta	experience	Accomplishments ♦ Recipient of 12 companywide "Sales Person" of the month from Southern Wine and Spirits in a 2year period
meta	experience	ADDITIONAL
meta	experience	HISTORY
meta	experience	PHOENIX HOME LIFE, West Orange, New Jersey
meta	experience	Sales Representative
meta	experience	♦ Established and managed book of business. Sold life and health insurance, conducted cold calling, facilitated sales presentations, booked appointments and distributed marketing materials.
meta	experience	♦ Completed training for life and health insurance licenses on fast-track plan.
meta	experience	Livingston Wines And Liquors, Livingston, New Jersey
meta	experience	Liquor Manager
meta	experience	♦ Manager for a high volume wine/liquor store with gross sales of 1.45 million dollars.
meta	experience	♦ Responsible for hiring and training staff of 8-10 people.
meta	experience	♦ Maintain inventory levels to account for seasonal variations. Plan an execute marketing strategies for in store promotions
meta	experience	♦ Manage cash flow for accounts receivable and payable
meta	experience	BACKGROUND
meta	experience	Upsala College, Orange, NJ
meta	experience	B.S., Business Management / Minor: Psychology
