content	education	Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
content	education	West Virginia Wesleyan College Buckhannon, WV
content	education	2016 to 2018
meta	experience	Regional Sales Manager
meta	experience	Enterprise Car Sales Division - Scottsdale, AZ
meta	experience	July 2016 to July 2018
meta	experience	Maintained extensive knowledge of sales, marketing, customer service, sales management, training and development, goal forecasting, asset management, business development and human resources.
meta	experience	• Oversaw all day-to-day operations of the dealership to include management of sales team, review and monitoring of finances, overhead, and cost-control objectives.
meta	experience	• Partnered with Business Manager, developing and implementing creative marketing plans for referral-related business, credit union, and rental-related business.
meta	experience	• Restructured and created new company car policy, increasing sales per sales consultant due to incentives.
meta	experience	• Implemented cost-cutting measure, reducing credit card expense by approximately $15 - $25K per month.
meta	experience	Regional Sales Manager
meta	experience	Enterprise Car Sales Division - Glen Burnie, MD
meta	experience	July 2013 to July 2016
meta	experience	• Hired, trained, mentored and developed Dealership Business Managers and Sales Consultants, achieving 3 top 25 in the country.
meta	experience	• Grossed over $3.1M in revenue sales for the first time in Baltimore region, while growing business by 11% in 2016 after growing the business 23% in 2015.
meta	experience	• Awarded Dealership Manager of the Year for 2016.
meta	experience	• Achieved #2 Dealership ranking in the country, out of 154 dealerships in 2016 and achieved #8 in 2015.
meta	experience	• Trained, coached and developed the #1 Sales Executive in the Nation, 2016.
meta	experience	• Earned Exceptional Achievement Awards in 2015 and 2016. This award was given to top 10% of the dealerships in the country that exceeded corporate key areas sales per month, sales growth percentage, and net income and customer satisfaction.
meta	experience	Regional Sales Manager
meta	experience	ENTERPRISE CAR SALES - White Marsh, MD
meta	experience	July 2010 to July 2013
meta	experience	• Established long-term working business relationships with Affinity partner, increasing sales by $175K for MECU.
meta	experience	• Disclosed and completed sales contracts with purchasers.
meta	experience	• Ensured compliance with all applicable laws, sales contracts and lender requirements.
meta	experience	• Earned Exceptional Achievement Award in 2013.
meta	experience	• Increased customer satisfaction to 96% by having customer appreciation days and follow-up call procedures required after the sale, e.g., at anniversary of purchase and birthday calls to customers.
meta	experience	Regional Area Sales Manager
meta	experience	Enterprise Car Sales Division - Westminster, MD
meta	experience	July 2008 to July 2010
meta	experience	• Started up and grew new dealership in Westminster, Maryland.
meta	experience	• Implemented strategic plan to market credit union partners to promote products and services, increasing backend $400 per car.
meta	experience	• Ensured compliance with all applicable laws, sales contracts and lender requirements.
meta	experience	• Monitored referral inventory and appraised trades, increasing wholesale revenue $140 per car.
meta	experience	Dealership Assistant Sales Manager
meta	experience	Enterprise Car Sales Division - White Marsh, MD
meta	experience	March 2005 to July 2008
meta	experience	• Reviewed credit reports and negotiated with lenders with respect to interest rates, down payments and monthly car notes.
meta	experience	• Increased efficiency ratings of preferred lenders while increasing F&I penetration from $600 to $1K per car.
meta	experience	• Proficient use of auto dealer software such as Dealertrack, Salesforce (SME), RouteOne, CUDL and Provision.
meta	experience	• Performed staffing analysis, designed and implemented staffing models, developed process flows, and maintained the integrity of financial operating systems for the auto finance platform.
meta	experience	• Directed and delivered auto finance loans to clients, facilitating sales and increasing revenue.
meta	experience	• Developed and maintained relationships with clients, vendors, state agencies and banks, leading to increase in sales of 15% year-over-year in repeat business, customer referrals and corporate purchases.
meta	experience	• Awarded Exceptional Achievement Award in 2006 and 2007.
meta	experience	Senior Sales Consultant
meta	experience	Enterprise Car Sales Division - Glen Burnie, MD
meta	experience	July 2004 to March 2005
meta	experience	• Consistently surpassed sales targets and exceeded specified revenue goals.
meta	experience	• Demonstrated knowledge of the sales cycle by creating client satisfaction and referrals.
meta	experience	• Qualified and guided buyers by understanding buyers' requirements and interests.
meta	experience	• Maintained a buyer follow-up system that encouraged repeat and referral business and contributed to customer satisfaction.
meta	experience	• Utilized various sales techniques for overcoming objections and building long-term relationships that encouraged repeat and referral business.
meta	experience	• Awarded top sales performer.
