content	education	Journalism
content	education	Northern AZ University
content	education	1981 to 1984
content	education	Air Force Intelligence School Goodfellow AFB, TX
content	education	1979
content	education	Camelback HS Phoenix, AZ
content	education	1976
meta	experience	Retail Merchandiser - Acosta Sales and Marketing
meta	experience	Acosta Sales and Marketing
meta	experience	2018 to Present
meta	experience	Assigned to cover 39 grocery stores and pet food stores on a monthly basis. Visit each store and merchandise each
meta	experience	assigned account, such as Tyson, Foster Farms or Hormel.
meta	experience	Answer questions on a proprietary tablet computer to ascertain if select items were currently tagged and on the
meta	experience	shelf available for immediate retail sale. If items were
meta	experience	missing, work with store/department manager to get items
meta	experience	cut in. Inform managers of upcoming sales and ask for more stock to be brought in. Maintain mileage and time
meta	experience	logs for reimbursement.
meta	experience	Autonomous Vehicle Safety Driver
meta	experience	Waymo
meta	experience	2018 to Present
meta	experience	Learning to operate and watch over autonomous vehicle
meta	experience	safely. Keep myself and other drivers and pedestrians safe.
meta	experience	Use car-mounted laptop to track down and fix small
meta	experience	problems with autonomous program.
meta	experience	Private Merchandiser
meta	experience	Bashas and Albertsons
meta	experience	2001 to Present
meta	experience	Concurrently work (PT) for Bashas and Albertsons thru JR
meta	experience	Demos/Superfridge, merchandising food products on a weekly basis. Previously have worked for SASR,
meta	experience	Impact/Huffy, Crossmark, General Mills, and in WalMarts,
meta	experience	CVS, Walgreens, Lowes, and Toys R Us. Work consists of stocking promotional foods/items, cleaning displays,
meta	experience	setting items to planogram, packing out product from the backroom/coolers. Maintain cordial relationships with store
meta	experience	management and associates. Report work online at customers' website. Assemble cardboard displays, movie
meta	experience	theater displays, bikes, BBQ grills, RTA furniture and wheelbarrows using own tools.
meta	experience	Route Driver
meta	experience	Intelliquick Delivery Inc - Mesa, AZ
meta	experience	June 2016 to 2018
meta	experience	daily, driving 100+ miles to Payson, AZ. Pick up
meta	experience	medical specimens for LabCorp from various doctor's
meta	experience	offices. Upon finishing in Payson, travel down to the Ft.
meta	experience	McDowell Indian Reservation to pick up specimens. Then
meta	experience	onto Fountain Hills to pick up more specimens, especially at LabCorp's Patient Service Center. Then deliver all
meta	experience	specimens to LabCorp's main lab in Phoenix, AZ.
meta	experience	Delivery Driver
meta	experience	Bashas and Albertsons
meta	experience	2014 to 2016
meta	experience	On a daily basis, load wood cabinet doors into delivery
meta	experience	truck in Payson. Deliver product to various shops and customers all over Maricopa County.
meta	experience	Inspector/Owner
meta	experience	Parsons Insurance and Commercial
meta	experience	2001 to 2013
meta	experience	Visually inspect real estate properties, usually
meta	experience	unbeknownst to the home owner, measure footprint of property, take digital photos, complete reports online for
meta	experience	banks, mortgage companies, and government entities
meta	experience	(such as FNMA, SNAP). Using my own website, took orders
meta	experience	from car buyers nationwide to inspect vehicles sold in Maricopa County. Inspected vehicles for paint/accident
meta	experience	damage, mileage. Test drove each one. Reported to customer online or over phone.
meta	experience	Inspector/Arbitrator/Quick Lube Manager - Greater Auto
meta	experience	Toyota and Subaru
meta	experience	2001 to 2004
meta	experience	Estimate damage to program vehicles (Toyota and Subaru)
meta	experience	using tablet PC and proprietary software. Apply arbitration
meta	experience	rules fairly to buyers and sellers of disputed cars. Supervise
meta	experience	2 inmates in oil change shop. Inspected frames and oil
meta	experience	changes of Certified Chrysler vehicles.
meta	experience	Arizona Manager
meta	experience	CT Services, Inc
meta	experience	1999 to 2001
meta	experience	Inspect rental program cars from Hertz, Budget, etc. Create
meta	experience	individual vehicle inspection reports, accept and process
meta	experience	titles, ship vehicles via rail or truck to auto auctions
meta	experience	nationwide. Post photos and descriptions of select vehicles
meta	experience	online for auction. Managed staff of 2.
meta	experience	Previous Years
meta	experience	1976-1999
meta	experience	Spent the early years of my career working for various auto
meta	experience	parts stores, auto dealers and body shops.
