content	education	Camelback High School Phoenix, AZ
content	education	May 2004
content	education	Criminal justice
content	education	Phoenix College Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	Inside Sales
meta	experience	Signature Sales inc - Corona, CA
meta	experience	April 2015 to Present
meta	experience	* Responsible for writing all parts order up both factory and from local stock.
meta	experience	* Responsible for handling warranty parts for customers.
meta	experience	* Working one on one with customers over the phone with parts identification
meta	experience	* Reviewing past orders to accurately ordering the appropriate inventory to fulfill orders
meta	experience	* Tasked with wiring various water heaters to certain specs requested by the customer
meta	experience	* Assisting customers with will call pick ups, getting orders ready to shipment
meta	experience	* Providing technical assistance with trouble shooting assistance over the phone
meta	experience	Floor lead/Floor Manager
meta	experience	Elsinore Distribution Center/S.S.I - Lake Elsinore, CA
meta	experience	September 2012 to April 2015
meta	experience	* Responsible for opening up warehouse each morning.
meta	experience	* Prepare warehouse for the day's inbound deliveries
meta	experience	* Accurately pull and stage orders based on picking sheet.
meta	experience	* Correctly scanning those heaters to the assigned delivery number given. Verify that the * job was pulled correctly.
meta	experience	* Verify all other employee jobs were pulled and labeled correctly.
meta	experience	* Working one on one with all inbound trucking companies on and off the phone and email.
meta	experience	* Assist the office staff with scheduling incoming trucks updating calendars and the log sheets.
meta	experience	* Responsible to maintain a clean and safe work environment in the warehouse.
meta	experience	* Trained warehouse staff on ow to safely handle water heaters to minimize damage to the product
meta	experience	* while being diligent with employee safety minimizing possible injuries.
meta	experience	* Pulling and verifying Cash Acme orders. After they are verified box up, weigh and shipping label is made and applied to the package.
meta	experience	Lead Cashier, Customer Service/Sales
meta	experience	Petsmart - Murrieta, CA
meta	experience	March 2011 to March 2013
meta	experience	* Stock Shelves with proper Product
meta	experience	* Greet customer's, recommend products based on what the customer is looking for. This required
meta	experience	* strong knowledge of the various products offered in the store.
meta	experience	* Responsible to handle register responsibilities including receiving cash, credit and check purchases.
meta	experience	* Assisted customers both on the phone and in person with different product details.
meta	experience	* Worked with customers to resolve and product issues that dud not meet the customer's expectations
meta	experience	* Assisted with making phone calls to sell products and services.
meta	experience	Responsible to properly and quickly rep are rooms for new patients
meta	experience	Fallbrook Hospital - Fallbrook, CA
meta	experience	June 2009 to November 2009
meta	experience	Fallbrook, CA
meta	experience	Environmental Services - 06/09-11/09
meta	experience	* Responsible to sanitize patient rooms after discharge of a patient.
meta	experience	* Given the responsibility to keep specific areas of the hospital clean and safe for all staff and patients and staff.
meta	experience	* Responsible to properly dispose of hazardous medical waste including sharps containers.
meta	experience	* Clean departments to the state of California standards.
meta	experience	* Responsible to sanitize surgical rooms before and after surgeries.
meta	experience	* Responsible to properly and quickly rep are rooms for new patients.
meta	experience	* Earned the reputation of exceeding expectations of department manager as well as medical and hospital staff.
meta	experience	Power source Installation Specialist
meta	experience	Gruber Technical - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	October 2008 to November 2009
meta	experience	* Assisted in the installation of back up power systems for hospitals, jails, and other public service facilities.
meta	experience	* Responsible for running wire from the building power to the back up power source.
meta	experience	* Ran wiring from back up power to new sub panel.
meta	experience	* Responsible to deliver power sources to job site this included moving the unit into place and installing it to the platform.
meta	experience	Apprentice Electrician
meta	experience	Lone Wolf Electric inc - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	November 2003 to October 2008
meta	experience	* Specialized in wiring dental offices in the Phoenix area.
meta	experience	* Responsible to run electrical wiring for office equipment and medical equipment.
meta	experience	* Equipped offices with data cables and other specialty cables.
meta	experience	* Tested circuitry for conductivity and proper power levels.
meta	experience	* Analyzed, diagnosed and resolved any wiring and circuitry issues
meta	experience	* Worked  with specialty equipment suppliers to insure the wiring met all electrical requirements for their particular piece of equipment
meta	experience	* Integrated last minutes client changes in to schedule
meta	experience	* Worked closely with clients to insure n schedule issuance of occupancy permit.
