content	education	Business Education, Marketing
content	education	California State University Fullerton, CA
content	education	August 1983 to May 1986
meta	experience	Sales Manager
meta	experience	Killer Auto Sales - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	March 2017 to August 2018
meta	experience	Managed all used cars present in dealership.
meta	experience	Developed forecasts and objectives for various sales and expenses and prepared monthly and annual reports for same.
meta	experience	Monitored vehicle inventory and updated it regularly.
meta	experience	Updated all used sales vehicle sales persons on all advertising campaigns and sales in facility.
meta	experience	Reviewed and performed appraisals on all used vehicle in facility.
meta	experience	Trained sales staff in selling of used cars.
meta	experience	Coordinated with Sales Manager and administered all management of inventory.
meta	experience	Recorded customer data on a monthly, quarterly and yearly basis.
meta	experience	Internet Manager
meta	experience	 - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	February 2015 to March 2017
meta	experience	As the Internet Manager my main responsibility was to facilitate the sales of automobiles to prospects who contacted the dealer via the Internet. To do so, I maintained the dealer website, promoted the dealership online, managed the export of inventory to various digital marketplaces, and directed a team of 5-6 salespeople. new workstation setup, troubleshooting and repair, networking, malicious software removal, network phone setup, graphic design and training employees to effectively use the dealer's CRM software.
meta	experience	Internet Sales, and Sales Manager
meta	experience	Luxury Motorsports - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	February 2012 to January 2015
meta	experience	85022
meta	experience	Automotive Sales and Repair Services
meta	experience	Greet customers upon entry to the dealership to aid them in all inquiries
meta	experience	Determine the needs and desires of the customer to show them viable options
meta	experience	Show and explain all vehicle features and functions Go over financial aspect of purchasing a car and financing options available
meta	experience	Perform credit check for potential customers
meta	experience	Draft all necessary paperwork for the purchase of a new car
meta	experience	Internet Manager
meta	experience	Certified Benz&Beemer - Scottsdale, AZ
meta	experience	January 2010 to February 2012
meta	experience	85257
meta	experience	Working Leads and phone ups to generate appointments. Worked closely with management to sell vehicle and maintain a high gross average. Cultivate relationships with new customers to achieve sales objectives and provide insight into new products, features, and options.
meta	experience	Strategically negotiate with customers to close on deals and increase sales; personally, work deals, interest rates, leases, and calculate financial requirements prior to obtaining approval from dealership manager and F&I manager.
meta	experience	Qualify and follow up on warm Internet leads regarding new and pre-owned vehicle availability, price, and options.
meta	experience	Maintain contact with customers via email, phone calls, and regular updates on promotional offers
meta	experience	ASM
meta	experience	April 2007 - December 2009
meta	experience	Superior 1 | Omaha, Nebraska
meta	experience	Maintaining ongoing communications with current and previous customers. Approved customer financing options and assigned trade-in value to vehicles. Attended periodic sales meetings and met weekly with sales staff. Determined cost-effective ways to increase sales. Ensured that dealership website was kept up-to-date. Courteously addressed customer service issues.
