content	education	GED in Architecture
content	education	Bridgman Senior High School Bridgman, MI
content	education	1998
meta	experience	Account Manager/Sales
meta	experience	ARIZONA CAR SALES - Mesa, AZ
meta	experience	August 2018 to Present
meta	experience	Manager
meta	experience	Conn's Home Plus - Tempe, AZ
meta	experience	April 2017 to August 2018
meta	experience	Manage the day to day operations of store. Empower employees by coming up with new ways to motivate them to be able to exceed daily/monthly sales goals. Provide top tier customer experience and build the business with repeat customers and referrals.
meta	experience	Sales Associate / MIT / 3rd key / Dept Specialist
meta	experience	Conns Home Plus - Mesa, AZ
meta	experience	March 2016 to April 2017
meta	experience	Assist customers in purchasing product while maximizing tickets.
meta	experience	Review credit options including in house financing.
meta	experience	Run daily reports and conduct morning meetings.
meta	experience	Merchandise dept and ensure signage and dept is presentable.
meta	experience	Sales Representative
meta	experience	Verizon Wireless - Mesa, AZ
meta	experience	March 2006 to March 2016
meta	experience	Managed team goals for data metrics and small business metrics.
meta	experience	Reduced and controlled expenses by assisting in inventory procedures.
meta	experience	Served as mentor to in store new hires as well as assisting in corporate training classes.
meta	experience	Performed various roles as store Data Specialist, Retail to Business Specialist, and Inventory Control Specialist.
meta	experience	Dell Level 2 ACS Computer Technician
meta	experience	ACS - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	October 2005 to January 2006
meta	experience	Assist customers in the fastest and most productive way possible.
meta	experience	Obtain the highest customer satisfaction rate and resolution rate possible.
meta	experience	Adhere to all performance matrix's.
meta	experience	Manager
meta	experience	Circuit City Stores, Inc - Mesa, AZ
meta	experience	August 2004 to October 2005
meta	experience	Teach, train, and observe associates executing proper selling behaviors and techniques.
meta	experience	Exceed sales goals while quickly and effectively solving customer challenges/issues.
meta	experience	Ensuring proper scheduling of associates during peak hours and productivity times.
meta	experience	Manage P&L of department and hold associates accountable for performance and merchandising.
meta	experience	Business Machines Lead
meta	experience	Staples Inc - Mesa, AZ
meta	experience	September 2003 to August 2004
meta	experience	In charge of technology department sales figures and sales floor merchandising.
meta	experience	Micromanagement of Business Machines Associates.
meta	experience	Ensure proper tagging, product placement, and in-stocks were compliant to company/state standards.
meta	experience	Customer Service/Assistant Manager
meta	experience	Office Depot, Inc - Benton Harbor, MI
meta	experience	November 1998 to July 2003
meta	experience	Providing superior customer service and management of front end staff.
meta	experience	Scheduling of front end associates utilizing Peoplesoft software maximizing performance at peak times.
meta	experience	Daily auditing of financial operations and store performance.
