content	education	Master of Business Administration in Marketing
content	education	Fordham University
content	education	2000
content	education	Bachelor of Arts in Sociology
content	education	University of Wisconsin
content	education	1992
meta	experience	Sales
meta	experience	30 Ways - Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	June 2011 to Present
meta	experience	Phoenix, AZ
meta	experience	Created HIPKNOTIES® a patent-pending, innovative, one-size-fits-all convertible garment.
meta	experience	• Sales in 80 countries with a 17% repeat customer rate and 70% growth each year.
meta	experience	• Generated $1,000,000 in online sales over a three-year period.
meta	experience	• Manage all social media channels marketing strategies to determine ROR by identifying and tapping into new
meta	experience	channels to optimize ROI and fuel revenue growth and brand awareness.
meta	experience	• Facebook 75,000 likes, Instagram 15k followers, YouTube 3000 subscribers
meta	experience	• Negotiate with manufacturers and fabric mills to produce the product.
meta	experience	• Create all marketing materials including logo, website, press materials, YouTube videos (750,000 views) and a mobile app.
meta	experience	• Develop and manage online marketing campaigns effectively driving band awareness, engagement and traffic
meta	experience	to social media pages.
meta	experience	Director of Sales
meta	experience	Michael Kors Inc - New York, NY
meta	experience	December 2000 to December 2002
meta	experience	Worked directly with CEO on production, design and merchandising issues.
meta	experience	• Managed four account executives and two retail sales coordinators.
meta	experience	• Generated over $3 MM in wholesale product sales in less than 12 months; a 15%
meta	experience	increase over the prior year.
meta	experience	• Collaborated on launch of MK Accessories; worked with factory to negotiate pricing.
meta	experience	• Conceptualized and executed marketing strategies for wholesale and retail teams,
meta	experience	including sales incentives, special events and trunk shows.
meta	experience	• Served as direct liaison between wholesale clients and internal support teams (finance, logistics,
meta	experience	order management, technical, planning).
meta	experience	Senior Account Executive
meta	experience	Michael Kors Inc - New York, NY
meta	experience	February 1996 to August 1998
meta	experience	Responsible for North American distribution and sales of KORS Michael Kors to specialty stores.
meta	experience	•   Tracked and analyzed sales, inventory to sales, seasonal plans and gross margins for each major account.
meta	experience	•   Coordinated between warehouse, production team and factories; also responsible for production - cut tickets and allocation to customers of finished goods.
meta	experience	Account Executive
meta	experience	Michael Atchison & Associates - New York, NY
meta	experience	August 1994 to February 1996
meta	experience	Managed all aspects of five evening wear and bridal designer collections.
meta	experience	Assistant Buyer Bergdorf Goodman
meta	experience	 - New York, NY
meta	experience	January 1993 to August 1994
meta	experience	• Integrated financial strategies related to costing, margin and seasonal plans.
meta	experience	• Worked with online retail, production and marketing teams.
